The COVID-19 pandemic fundamentally changed the landscape of behavioral health in the U.S. According to a recent study published in the JAMA Health Forum, utilization and spending rates for mental health care services among commercially insured adults increased by 38.8% and 53.7%, respectively, between 2019 and 2022. While it’s of course critical that individuals are […]NeuroFlow recently hosted an expert panel to discuss how Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs) are uniquely positioned to implement integrated behavioral health programs and reap their benefits. The panelists discussed how other healthcare organizations can learn from the success some ACOs have achieved through integrating care. Panelists included Dayna Fondell, a public health nurse who is […]Psych Hub is the premier online platform for impactful and engaging learning on mental health topics. Psych Hub certifies behavioral health providers into specialties using evidence-based interventions. The learning platform allows for more precision therapy and provides companion treatment tools for patients. Psych Hub also provides a Mental Health Ally Platform, which educates non-medical professionals […]In the latest installment of our Amplifying Success series, we explore how integrating behavioral health care into physical care can improve patient experience, a key component of the Quintuple Aim. In particular, leveraging technology can help healthcare organizations more easily provide holistic health support to their populations and make an immediate impact on patient experience. […]Brave Health is a virtual mental health provider dedicated to helping people thrive by engaging them in high-quality, affordable, and easily accessible mental health care. Brave Health provides individual and group therapy and psychiatric medication management via telehealth, and offers specialized therapy programs for patients with complex mental health concerns, such as Dialectical Behavior Therapy […]Although integrating behavioral health into physical care settings makes a positive impact on clinical outcomes, patient experience, provider satisfaction, and financial sustainability, it can be challenging to implement. The upfront financial investment can serve as a common barrier to these programs. Some providers simply don’t have the resources to support new initiatives, which often requires […]Welcome to Bridging the Gap, an interview series that brings together healthcare thought leaders to discuss innovations helping organizations bridge the gap between physical and behavioral health. In this episode, NeuroFlow CEO Chris Molaro spoke with Dr. Brian Daly, a child psychologist and Department Head of Psychological and Brain Sciences at Drexel University. Dr. Daly […]On July 16, 2023, the crisis hotline 988 celebrated its one-year anniversary. The hotline replaced 911 for mental health emergencies and routes callers to mental health resources within their community. 988 is accessible by phone, text message, and webchat. In the year since the launch of 988, there has been a significant increase in lives […]NeuroFlow Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Tom Zaubler, MD, MPH is an expert on the collaborative care model. He has dedicated his career to researching and furthering the integration of behavioral health into primary care. Previously as the Chair and Director of Psychiatry at Morristown Medical Center, and now at NeuroFlow, Dr. Zaubler has three decades […]LeBow’s Center for Business Analytics, part of Drexel University, announced this year’s winners of the Drexel LeBow Analytics 50. This award recognizes national excellence in organizations pursuing data-driven solutions, and NeuroFlow is among the 2023 honorees. A panel of researchers and practitioners selected 50 innovative organizations, including multinational companies like Best Buy, Intel, Comcast, and […]Terms of Service | BAA | Privacy Policy | CCPA | Subprocessors