Read what leading publications in healthcare, technology, and beyond are saying about NeuroFlow. For media inquiries, please email press@neuroflow.comHealth systems and integrated BH service providers turn to NeuroFlow platform to address the rising behavioral health risk in populations through ‘CoCM 2.0’ PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 29, 2023 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ — NeuroFlow, the market leading behavioral health SaaS platform, has announced a new tech-enabled approach to psychiatric collaborative care (CoCM), ‘CoCM 2.0,’ that combines the company’s AI-driven […]The Acquisition Expands and Supports the Delivery of Integrated Behavioral Health Throughout the VA and Other Healthcare Partners PHILADELPHIA, PA (PRWEB) JULY 18, 2023 NeuroFlow, the leading provider of behavioral health technology infrastructure, today announced that it has acquired Capital Solution Design (CSD), parent company to Behavioral Health Lab (BHL) and BHL Touch, a leading […]Winston-Salem, NC (July 11, 2023) ‒ Novant Health is joining forces with NeuroFlow, a behavioral health infrastructure company, to support mental well-being for patients and Novant Health’s more than 36,000 team members. Novant Health is an integrated network of physician clinics, outpatient facilities and medical centers focused on bringing together world-class technology and clinicians to […]Innovative platform will screen and triage patients with behavioral health symptoms May 22, 2023, Morristown, New Jersey – Atlantic Health System, a not-for-profit health system providing care for more than half the state of New Jersey, parts of New York and Pennsylvania, has partnered with behavioral health infrastructure company NeuroFlow to launch and facilitate the use […]Emory Healthcare (EHC) and the Goizueta Institute @Emory Brain Health are joining forces with NeuroFlow, a behavioral health infrastructure company, to support and improve the delivery of psychiatric services for both patients and providers. The collaboration will also pilot a primary care suicide prevention program. The entities will seek to complement and scale Emory’s new […]Magellan Healthcare, Inc., a leader in behavioral health and a subsidiary of Magellan Health, Inc., today released member outcomes that demonstrate its award-winning and SAMHSA-endorsed digital cognitive behavioral therapy (DCBT) modules are consistent with published research that demonstrates equivalent outcomes to face-to-face therapy. In collaboration with NeuroFlow, Magellan launched the Digital Emotional Wellbeing suite in […]NeuroFlow, the market leader in behavioral healthcare technology infrastructure, has added three new partners to its Clinical Referral Network in order to help more individuals get access to behavioral health. Joining the referral network will be: Bicycle Health (Boston, MA) – The leading telehealth provider of integrated medical and behavioral health care for opioid use […]NeuroFlow, the market leader in integrated healthcare technology infrastructure, announced the expanded application of its technology and clinical expertise in order to support the behavioral health of adolescent and pediatric populations in response to the growing youth mental health crisis. Adolescents and children are facing unprecedented levels of stress, anxiety, and depression. A study from […]The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs has named NeuroFlow as a winner in Mission Daybreak — a $20 million challenge designed to help the VA develop new suicide prevention strategies for Veterans. As a winner, NeuroFlow will receive $500,000. NeuroFlow’s configurable technology platform is designed to identify early warning signs of depression, anxiety, and other […]NeuroFlow, the market leader in behavioral healthcare technology infrastructure, completed its SOC 2 audit reinforcing its commitment to protecting the confidentiality and integrity of health data. The SOC 2 audit was conducted by leading compliance assessor A-LIGN, a technology-enabled security and compliance partner trusted by more than 2,500 global organizations to help mitigate cybersecurity risks. […]Terms of Service | BAA | Privacy Policy | CCPA | Subprocessors