Last Revised: 8/2/2018
Effective: 8/6/2018IntroductionNeuroFlow (“NeuroFlow,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.This policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the websites “www.neuroflow.com” or “www.neuroflowlive.com” (the “Websites”) or use our mobile application “NeuroFlow” on the Apple iTunes App Store or Google Play Store (the “Apps”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. Our Websites and Apps allow our users to view health-related information, communicate with our staff, and access additional services. This Privacy Policy also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.This policy applies to information we collect:NeuroFlow is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of our Websites and Apps. We will use and disclose your personal information as stated in this Privacy Policy.Information We Collect About You, How We Collect It, and How It is Controlled.We collect several types of information from and about users of our Websites and Apps, including information:The information you provide to us may include:We collect this information:This information can be controlled in the following way:Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.As you navigate through and interact with our Websites and Apps, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect Technical Information that may include information about your equipment, browsing action, and patterns, including:The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:The Technical Information we collect automatically does not include individually identifiable information, but we may associate the Technical Information with individually identifiable information we collect in other ways to improve our Websites and Apps and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:How We Use Your InformationWe use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us including any personal information:How We Secure and Store Your Information.We have security measures in place that are intended to help protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access or alteration of information under our control.  These measures include:Your information may be collected, used, processed, transferred, and retained in the United States, which may be outside the region in which you are situated and may have different privacy or data protection legislation, and may therefore be subject to the laws of the United States. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area or a country which restricts data transfers outside of that jurisdiction or region without your consent, by using our Websites and Apps, you consent to your information being transferred outside of the European Economic Area or your country for processing or storage by or on behalf of us.The HIPAA Privacy Rule provides additional guidelines for the use and disclosure of electronic personal health information (“ePHI”).  The covered entity in partnership with NeuroFlow is responsible for allowing patients the necessary rights and access to their ePHI. As a possible “business associate” as defined under HIPAA, NeuroFlow strives to comply with the HIPAA Privacy Rule by training employees on the proper handling of secure information, protecting and authenticating ePHI in our encrypted server, and conveying ePHI to users when instructed to do so by providers.How We Interact with Third Parties.Some of our services may interact directly with third party service providers. When you use a service with these third party service providers, we will not receive or store any information you provide to them nor will we provide any information to them without your consent. This may include:Your interactions with these third party service providers are outside of the purview of NeuroFlow. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.Children Under the Age of 13.Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13, we will delete this information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at info@neuroflow.com.Requests to Limit Use and Disclosure of Your Personal InformationState and federal laws may allow you to request that we limit our uses and disclosures of your personal information for treatment, payment, and health care operations purposes. You may contact us at the information in the “Questions, Complains, and Contacts” section below. We will consider all requests and, if we deny your request, we will notify you in writing. Federal law requires us to agree to your request to restrict disclosures to a health plan or insurer relating to specific health care services, if you have paid for those services in full.Data RetentionWe will retain your full information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. Further, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We reserve the right to retain any data that is not personally identifying, despite your account being inactive or closed.Data Use upon Business TransfersIf NeuroFlow, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired, or in the unlikely event that NeuroFlow goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information may be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of NeuroFlow may continue to use your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.Accessing and Correcting Your InformationYou can review your personal information by logging into our Websites or Apps and visiting your account profile page.You may also contact us at the information in the “Questions, Complains, and Contacts” section below to request access to or correct any information that you have provided to us. We will respond to all access requests within 30 days. However, we may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change could violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.California Privacy RightsCalifornia Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Websites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to info@neuroflow.com.Privacy Policy ChangesPlease read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding how we collect, keep and treat your information:We encourage you to periodically reread this Privacy Policy, to see if there have been any changes to our policies that may affect you. Your continued use of the Websites and Apps after we make changes to the Privacy Policy is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check periodically for updates.Questions, Complaints, and Contacts
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our policies and practices concerning the Websites or the Apps, your rights under this statement, and your dealings with the NeuroFlow Websites or the Apps, you can contact NeuroFlow by sending a message to the NeuroFlow Web Manager at info@neuroflow.com.Terms of Service | BAA | Privacy Policy | CCPA | SubprocessorsCopyright © NeuroFlow. 2022. All Rights Reserved