NeuroFlow is a mission-driven organization giving meaning and purpose to the work of our team membersSubscribe to future jobsThe award-winning culture at NeuroFlow is one built around encouragement and daring to be great. Our core values have been displayed in our office since day one, and each team member is responsible for carrying out these values and keeping each other accountable to them.Interested in joining our team?Subscribe to future jobsWe understand that job interviews can be both exciting and nerve-wracking. Our interview process is designed to be a positive and informative experience. On that note, we believe in transparency and want you to know exactly what to expect when you interview with us. To the right are the steps (depending on what role you are interviewing for as some steps may not apply) you can expect in the process:Throughout the entire process we encourage open dialogue and value your questions and feedback. Our aim is to ensure you have a complete understanding of the role and our company culture (this is as much of an interview for us as it is for you!).It all starts with your application! When you apply for a position at NeuroFlow, our team will carefully review your application to learn more about your background, experiences, and passion for the role.Once we review your application and if we believe there could be a potential match, our People Ops (Human Resources) team will reach out to schedule an initial screening call. During this conversation, you’ll have the opportunity to share more about your skills, experience, and career goals. It’s also a chance for you to ask any questions you may have about the role or our company culture. This will be a zoom or a call.If you successfully pass the initial screening, you’ll have a one-on-one interview with the hiring manager. This interview is more in-depth and gives you the chance to discuss your background, experiences, and expertise more specific to the role and the department. This will be in person or a zoom.For certain technical positions, there might be a technical screening to assess your expertise in specific areas. Don’t worry; we’ll provide you with all the necessary information to prepare for this stage. We’re interested in seeing how you approach problem-solving. This will be in person or a zoom.Following the technical screen (if you have one) we’ll arrange interviews with some NeuroFlowers. These interviews are designed to assess your compatibility with the team culture, your ability to collaborate, and your potential contributions to the team’s success. It’s also a fantastic opportunity for you to learn more about the team’s dynamics and the day-to-day aspects of the role. This will be in person or a zoom.As a final step in our interview process, you’ll have the opportunity to meet with our company founders, which may include our CEO and/or COO. This meeting serves as a chance for you to connect with the visionary leaders of our organization and gain a deeper understanding of our company’s values, long-term goals, and culture. It’s also an opportunity for the founders to get to know you better and assess how you align with our company’s vision. This will be in person or a zoom.Terms of Service | BAA | Privacy Policy | CCPA | SubprocessorsCopyright © NeuroFlow. 2022. All Rights Reserved