
If you’re an Alma provider, please log in below.Reach out to your provider or support@helloalma.com
            for help adding your insurance or finding invoices.
Questions?Follow UsFollow UsGet StartedFor ProvidersInformationIf you or someone you know is experiencing an emergency or crisis and needs immediate help, call 911 or go to the nearest emergency room. Additional crisis resources can be found
here.Privacy Policy • Copyright Alma, 2023
The Digest is a biweekly newsletter featuring thought-provoking and conversation-sparking news, essays, and research about mental health care.Click here to learn more about Alma and the services we offer to both mental health care providers and clients.Please enable Javascript to view this form.
Questions?Follow UsFollow UsGet StartedFor ProvidersInformationIf you or someone you know is experiencing an emergency or crisis and needs immediate help, call 911 or go to the nearest emergency room. Additional crisis resources can be found
here.Privacy Policy • Copyright Alma, 2023
Please enable JS and disable any ad blocker
Need to talk to someone? Specialists are available for confidential telephone counseling.Alcoholics AnonymousCDC National HIV and AIDS Hotline

(800) 232-4636Childhelp National Child Abuse Hotline

(800) 422-4453Crisis Text Line

Text HOME to 741741Disaster Distress Helpline Online Peer Support CommunitiesDisaster Distress Helpline Videophone for American Sign Language Users (PDF, 180KB)Gamblers AnonymousNacional de Prevención del Suicidio

(888) 628-9454Narcotics AnonymousNational Domestic Violence Hotline

(800) 799-7233National Grad Crisis Line

(877) 472-3457National Sexual Assault Hotline

(800) 656-4673National Suicide and Crisis Lifeline

988

Chat onlineNational Suicide and Crisis Lifeline (options for deaf and hard of hearing)

For TTY Users: Use your preferred relay service or dial 711 then 988

Chat onlineSubstance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration National Helpline

(800) 662-4357Veterans Crisis Line

988, then press 1

Text 838255

Chat onlineAlabamaAlaskaAlbertaArkansasBritish ColumbiaCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineManitobaMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOntarioOregonPennsylvaniaQuebecRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirgin IslandsVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming
At Alma your privacy is important to us. Our Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how we
            collect the information, the reasons we collect information, and how we share or use the information we
            collect. This Privacy Policy also describes the choices you have with the information we collect, including
            how you can manage, update, or request to delete information.Please take a moment to review this Privacy Policy. You may scroll through this Privacy Policy or use the
            headings below. It is important that you understand this Privacy Policy. By using our Platform, you are
            agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy
            Policy, you may Contact Us at any time.We believe when providers have the support they need, mental health care gets better for everyone. At
                    Alma, we’re pioneering a new model for mental health care — one that gives providers the autonomy of
                    a private practice with the support of the Alma platform.Alma contracts with Alma Community Network, P.C. (“Medical Group”), which is an
                    independent medical group with a network of United States based health care providers (each, a
                    “Provider”) to provide online telehealth clinical consultations, services, and/or
                    treatment. Additionally, Alma offers independent Providers (“Independent
                        Providers”) the ability to offer their services on our Platform.
                    The Independent Providers pay a monthly fee to Alma to be able to utilize Alma’s Platform, which
                    enables the Independent Providers to offer their Services through the Platform.It is helpful to start by explaining some of our key terms and definitions used in this Privacy
                    Policy.This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you when:
                
You visit or use our Platform, including our Website;
We communicate in e-mail, text message, and other electronic messages between you and us;
                        and
                    
We communicate in person, such as on the phone or through a telehealth visit.This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by any other website operated
                    either by
                    us or by a third party, unless the website is listed above or links to this Privacy Policy.
                    It also
                    does not apply to any website that we may provide a link to or that is accessible from our
                    Platform.This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our Terms of Use, which also apply when you use
                    our
                    Platform.Personal information is information from and about you that may be able to personally identify
                    you.
                    We treat any information that may identify you as personal information. For example, your name
                    and
                    e-mail address are personal information.We may collect and use the following personal information (hereinafter, collectively referred
                    to as
                    “Personal Information”):Some Personal Information we collect may constitute PHI under HIPAA. As set forth above,
                    your Provider or your Independent Provider will provide you with a Notice of Privacy Practices
                    describing their collection and use of your health information, not Alma. We will only collect and
                    use PHI for the purposes of providing the Services and we only collect the minimum amount necessary
                    to fully perform and provide the Services on our Platform. We may combine your PHI with Personal
                    Information that we have either obtained from you or through a third-party, such as your Provider,
                    health insurer, employee benefits program, or other health care providers. PHI will not be used for
                    any other purpose, including marketing, without your consent.We collect most of this Personal Information directly from you. For example, when we speak to you by
                    phone, text message, and e-mail. Additionally, we will collect information from you when you visit
                    our Website and fill out forms.We may also collect Personal Information in the following ways:
                

                        When You Contact Us. When you contact Alma directly, such as when you contact our Customer
                        Support team, we will receive the contents of your message or any attachments you may send to
                        us, as well as any additional information you choose to provide.We will also collect information automatically as you navigate through our Platform. We use the
                    following technologies to automatically collect data:We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:We may share Personal Information with third parties in certain circumstances or for certain
                    purposes, including:This section of our Privacy Policy provides details and explains how to exercise your choices. We
                    offer you choices on how you can opt out of our use of tracking technology, disclosure of your
                    Personal Information for our advertising to you, and other targeted advertising. We do not control
                    the collection and use of your information collected by third parties. These third parties may
                    aggregate the information they collect with information from their other customers for their own
                    purposes. You can opt out of third parties collecting your Personal Information for targeted
                    advertising purposes in the United States by visiting the National Advertising Initiative's (NAI)
                        opt-out page and the Digital Advertising
                        Alliance's (DAA) opt-out page.Each type of web browser provides ways to restrict and delete cookies. Browser manufacturers provide
                    resources to help you with managing cookies. Please see below for more information.For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.If you do not wish to have your e-mail address used by Alma to promote our own Products and Services,
                    you can opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any e-mail or other
                    marketing communications you receive from us or logging onto your Account Preferences page. This opt
                    out does not apply to information provided to Alma as a result of a product purchase, or your use of
                    our Platform and/or the Services. You may have other options with respect to marketing and
                    communication preferences through our Platform.You may also see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks. Ad
                    networks allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based, and
                    contextual means. These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information
                    through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs, and web beacons. The
                    networks use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual
                    interests.You can review and change your Personal Information by logging into our Services and visiting either
                    the “About You” or “Health Details” sections of our Platform. You may also Contact Us to inform us of any changes or errors in any Personal
                    Information we have about you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible or
                    to delete your account. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your
                    account with us. We may also not be able to accommodate your request if we believe it would violate
                    any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.Alma operates subject to state and federal regulations, and the Platform and/or the Services may not
                    be available in your state. You represent that you are not a person barred from enrolling for or
                    receiving the Services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions in
                    which you may be located. Access to and use of the Platform and/or the Services is limited
                    exclusively to users located in states within the United States where the Platform and/or the
                    Services is available. The Platform and/or the Services are not available to users located outside
                    the United States. Accessing the Platform and/or obtaining the Services from jurisdictions where
                    content is illegal, or where we do not offer the Platform and/or the Services, is prohibited.Alma understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive online world. Our
                    Platform is not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, children 13 years of age or younger. It
                    is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
                    No one under the age of 13 should submit any Personal Information on the Platform, and if we learn
                    that we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13, we will delete that
                    information. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age whom you believe
                    might have provided us with their Personal Information, you may Contact Us
                    to request the Personal Information be deleted.Some web browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature. This feature lets you tell websites you visit that
                    you do not want to have your online activity tracked. These features are not yet uniform across
                    browsers. Our Platform is not currently set up to respond to those signals.We have taken steps and implemented administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to
                    protect against the risk of accidental, intentional, unlawful, or unauthorized access, alteration,
                    destruction, disclosure, or use. The Internet is not 100% secure and we cannot guarantee the
                    security of information transmitted through the Internet. Where you have been given or you have
                    chosen a password, it is your responsibility to keep this password confidential.The sharing and disclosing of information via the internet is not completely secure. We strive to use
                    best practices and industry standard security measures and tools to protect your data. However, we
                    cannot guarantee the security of Personal Information transmitted to, on, or through our Services.
                    Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the
                    circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Platform, in your
                    operating system, or mobile device.If you are a California resident, certain Personal Information that we collect about you is subject
                    to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).Please note that the CCPA does not apply to, among other things:Currently and in the last 12 months, we have collected and/or disclosed Personal Information about
                    you when you visit our Platform and/or obtain the Services, including information about you that you
                    provide to us, and information we automatically collect from you or your computer or devices as you
                    use our Platform and/or the Services. Please refer to the section titled Personal Information for additional information and details.We collect Personal Information directly from you, for example when you provide it to us, when you
                    contact us through our Platform, when you create an Alma account; and indirectly from you
                    automatically through your computer or device as you use our Platform and/or the Services. We may
                    also collect Personal Information about you from our advertising partners and service providers.We do not sell your Personal Information and have not done so in the prior 12 months from the
                    effective date of this Policy. We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for our
                    business purposes described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy (for example, please refer to “How do
                        we use your Personal Information?” and “How do we share your Personal
                        Information?”).Alma may disclose your Personal Information to a third party for one or more business purposes. When
                    we disclose Personal Information for a business purpose, such as to service providers, we enter a
                    contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that Personal
                    Information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.We may disclose your Personal Information for our business purposes, such as your contact
                    information, other information you have provided to us, and unique identifiers that identify you to
                    us or to our service providers, such as companies that assist us with marketing and advertising.
                    Please refer to “What types of Personal
                        Information do we collect?” and “How
                        do we collect your Personal Information?” for additional information and details.We disclose your Personal Information to certain third parties such as our health care provider
                    partners, service providers, including companies that assist us with marketing and advertising. For
                    additional information please refer to “How do
                        we use your Personal Information?” and “How do we share your Personal
                        Information?”.California residents have the right to request that Alma disclose certain information to you about
                    our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months for the above business
                    and commercial purposes. To submit an access request, see Contact Us. Once
                    we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:California residents have the right to request that Alma delete your Personal Information that we
                    collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your
                    verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your
                    Personal Information from our records, unless certain exceptions apply.To exercise the access and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer
                    request to us by sending us an e-mail at privacy@helloalma.com.Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on
                    your
                    behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also
                    make a
                    verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer
                    request for access twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. We will not:California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (California’s “Shine the Light” law) permits users of our
                    Platform and/or the Services that are California residents and who provide Personal Information in
                    obtaining products and services for personal, family, or household use to request certain
                    information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their own direct
                    marketing purposes. If applicable, this information would include the categories of Personal
                    Information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared your Personal
                    Information with for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2021 will receive
                    information regarding such activities in 2020). You may request this information once per calendar
                    year. To make such a request, please Contact Us using the information
                    below.We may update our Privacy Policy periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices, laws, and
                    best practices. We will post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page with a notice
                    that the Privacy Policy has been updated on our Website’s homepage. If we make material changes to
                    our practices with regards to the Personal Information we collect from you, we will notify you by
                    e-mail to the e-mail address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Platform. The
                    date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible
                    for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for
                    periodically accessing the Platform and reviewing this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.If you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy or
                    otherwise need to contact us, you may contact us at the contact information below or through the
                    “Contact Us” page on the Platform.Arlozorov9, Inc. d/b/a AlmaE-mail: support@helloalma.comQuestions?Follow UsFollow UsGet StartedFor ProvidersInformationIf you or someone you know is experiencing an emergency or crisis and needs immediate help, call 911 or go to the nearest emergency room. Additional crisis resources can be found
here.Privacy Policy • Copyright Alma, 2023
If you’re an Alma provider, please log in below.Reach out to your provider or support@helloalma.com
            for help adding your insurance or finding invoices.
Questions?Follow UsFollow UsGet StartedFor ProvidersInformationIf you or someone you know is experiencing an emergency or crisis and needs immediate help, call 911 or go to the nearest emergency room. Additional crisis resources can be found
here.Privacy Policy • Copyright Alma, 2023
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the worldAmericas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the worldAmericas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000Bloomberg Surveillance with Tom Keene, Jonathan Ferro & Lisa Abramowicz live from New York, bringing insight on global markets and the top business stories of the day.The economy and markets are "under surveillance". Bloomberg Surveillance, covering the latest news in finance, economics and investments.Series focused on the designers, artists, and craftspeople behind some of the world's most impressive bespoke creationsOman’s OQ Gas Networks IPO to Raise Up to $771 MillionErdogan to Meet US Businessmen in Push to Expand Bilateral TradeBundesbank Urges Economic Revamp as German Economy ShrinksTrillion-Dollar Industry Powering Chicago Is at Risk of LeavingRoubini Says BOE, ECB Must Raise Rates to Avoid StagflationChina Hedge Fund Makes Rare Activist Push Targeting US, HK FirmsAlibaba Unveils $2 Billion Turkey Investment in Erdogan MeetingProsus CEO Van Dijk Resigns After Simplifying OwnershipAlibaba Unveils $2 Billion Turkey Investment in Erdogan MeetingXPeng’s $31 Billion Gap Shows Hazy China EV OutlookAdobe Offers Tepid Sales Outlook Despite Growing AI OptimismGerman AI Company Helsing Raises €209 Million for Defense AIDatabricks Clinches $43 Billion Valuation, Plans More AI ToolsDeSantis Heads to Texas to Woo Donors as Campaign Faces Cash CrunchAmericans Can Barely Afford Homes — and That’s a Problem for BidenStarmer Refuses to Rule Out UK Tax Increase for the WealthyBillionaires’ Row in NYC Retreats from Its Shock-and-Awe PricingMostert runs for 2 TDs, Tagovailoa throws for another as Dolphins hold off Patriots 24-17Prescott has 2 TDs, Wilson 3 picks in 1st start after Rodgers injury as Cowboys beat Jets 30-10Dalio’s Shakespearean Turn Is a Sign of the TimesBond Mountaineers Easily Scale the Maturity WallMario Draghi’s Back — With a Lot of Work to DoThe Real-Life Inspiration Behind Bonfire of the VanitiesTikTok Shop Is a Real E-Commerce ThreatAn Online Startup Pitches a New Kind of MBASocGen to Commit €100 Million to Reducing Gender Pay GapAustralia Demands Dating Sites Boost Safety Amid Sexual ViolenceEurope's Battle Against Chinese EVs Isn't a Repeat of 2000s Solar FloodBig Emissions Bills Are Coming for Ships Sailing in EuropeWhat It Looks Like When AI Designs a CityWhen the Homeowners Association Comes for Your HomeDriver Shortage Sends Japan Taxi Firms to Recruit New GraduatesCrypto Platform JPEX Shuts Down Trading Amid Hong Kong ProbeJaguars QB Trevor Lawrence Settles FTX Endorsement LawsuitBitcoin Miner Core Scientific Settles With Celsius Over FeesAlma, a mental-health startup that helps therapists manage their practices and contract with insurers, raised $130 million from backers including private equity firm Thoma Bravo and Cigna Corp.’s venture capital arm, the company said.The deal values Alma at about $800 million, according to a person familiar with the situation, who asked not to be named discussing private information.
Funding will help therapists offer in-network care in all 50 statesNEW YORK, Aug. 25, 2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Alma, a membership-based network that helps independent mental health care providers accept insurance and build thriving private practices, has announced $130 million in Series D funding led by Thoma Bravo, a leading software investment firm, with participation from Cigna Ventures. Existing investors Insight Partners, Optum Ventures, Tusk Venture Partners, Primary Venture Partners, and Sound Ventures also participated in the round, bringing the company's total funding to over $220 million."By centering therapists at the forefront, Alma is creating a sustainable business model that helps providers accept insurance, grow their private practice, and reach more people seeking care. Over the past year, we scaled our services to offer in-network mental health care in all 50 U.S. states, helping people find much-needed care during their greatest moments of need," said Alma founder and CEO Dr. Harry Ritter.Alma helps providers meet the rising demand for mental health care by giving them the support and infrastructure they need to accept insurance and run their small business. When providers join Alma, they gain access to insurance support, teletherapy software, automated billing and scheduling tools, and a vibrant community of clinicians that come together for education, training, and events."I'm grateful to Alma for creating an incredibly welcoming environment for therapists and giving us a space of belonging in a field that can feel isolating," said Alma member Manuela Mage, LCSW. "Whenever I have a question or an issue I'm wrestling with, I know that I can go to Alma's community hub and get advice and diverse perspectives from therapists that have dealt with the same issues. It's also a relief to know that Alma handles the insurance billing and claims management so I can focus on helping my clients navigate challenging moments in their lives."Over the past 12 months, Alma scaled its network over 3X to 8,000 mental health providers that are licensed to practice in all 50 states. As Alma grows, the company remains committed to nurturing a diverse community of clinicians that are able to serve clients across the country. Almost 40 percent of providers in Alma's network self-identify as Black, Hispanic/LatinX, or Asian. They speak over 40 languages, ranging from American Sign Language to Cantonese."Alma's unique provider-first approach to mental health care allows providers to deliver high quality patient care while also making it as easy as possible for them to start and grow their practices," said Ross Devor, a Partner at Thoma Bravo. "Alma is providing tremendous value to key ecosystem participants: increased access for patients, insurance and billing support for providers, and valuable, diverse networks for payers. We look forward to leveraging our significant software and healthcare sector expertise to support the company's continued growth.""Earlier this year, Alma joined Evernorth's behavioral health network and we continue to be impressed with their shared vision to bring high quality, affordable mental health care to the customers we serve," said Tom Richards, global leader for strategy and business development at Cigna. "With this investment in Alma and their growing network, we can accelerate how we drive access to diverse in-network therapists, allowing our customers to access care when and where they need it most. We believe that Alma is well positioned to make this a reality and look forward to supporting their efforts to expand access to care with this innovative model."Dr. Elisabeth Morray, a licensed psychologist and the former director of telehealth at LifeStance Health, joined Alma's leadership team as the vice president of clinical operations. In her role, Morray will serve as an advocate for Alma's providers and continue to see clients on Alma's platform. Alma also welcomed Erik Lumer, the former Chief Product Officer at Maven Clinic, as Chief Product Officer to lead the company's next phase of product development, and Chiddy Onyia, Esq., the former General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer at Quartet Health, as General Counsel to help the company and our providers navigate the ever evolving regulatory landscape.To learn more about Alma, visit: www.helloalma.com.Alma is on a mission to simplify access to high quality, affordable mental health care by giving providers the tools they need to build thriving in-network private practices. Alma's membership platform enables providers to manage insurance, billing, scheduling, client referrals, and continuing education, enabling them to focus on what matters most: delivering care to clients. Named one of Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies In Health, Alma's investors include Thoma Bravo, Cigna Ventures, Insight Partners, Optum Ventures, Tusk Venture Partners, First Round Capital, Primary Venture Partners, Sound Ventures, BoxGroup, Rainfall Ventures, and Able Partners. Learn more at www.helloalma.com.Thoma Bravo is one of the largest private equity firms in the world, with more than $114 billion in assets under management as of March 31, 2022. The firm invests in growth-oriented, innovative companies operating in the software and technology sectors. Leveraging the firm's deep sector expertise and proven strategic and operational capabilities, Thoma Bravo collaborates with its portfolio companies to implement operating best practices, drive growth initiatives and make accretive acquisitions intended to accelerate revenue and earnings. Over the past 20 years, the firm has acquired or invested in more than 380 companies representing over $190 billion in enterprise value. The firm has offices in Chicago, Miami and San Francisco. For more information, visit www.thomabravo.com.Cigna Ventures is a venture capital fund that works closely with health care entrepreneurs to accelerate growth and innovation through the strategic use of capital and deep partnerships. Cigna Ventures is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Cigna Corporation (NYSE: CI). To learn more about Cigna Ventures visit: www.cignaventures.com.View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alma-raises-130m-in-series-d-funding-led-by-thoma-bravo-to-advance-its-mission-to-simplify-access-to-high-quality-affordable-mental-health-care-301612534.htmlSOURCE  Thoma BravoIndicesCommoditiesCurrenciesStocks
Harry Ritter, founder and CEO, Alma.Days before the world went into pandemic lockdown, Harry Ritter was standing with a group of therapists inside the coworking space his company Alma had recently renovated. The sleek, airy office in midtown Manhattan was part of a membership offering where therapists in private practice could see patients without having to lease their own space. Members had access to scheduling, billing and client-matching software — automating all of the usual administrative headaches — for a monthly fee. Of Alma’s 200 member therapists in March 2020, only 5% were seeing patients virtually. The coworking revenue dried up almost immediately as revenues cratered 65%. “We lost all that money, essentially overnight,” says Alma founder and CEO Ritter, 36. “We needed to invest quickly and very, very significantly in supporting virtual care.”Over the past year, Alma has done a complete about-face: the company shuttered its two New York therapist office spaces, spun up virtual technology and doubled down on the health insurance part of its business, bringing investors along for the ride. “I felt very strongly that mental health was more important than ever before,” says Ritter. Alma has come a long way since that terrible first half of 2020: Revenue is 13 times what it was in April of last year and more than 2,000 therapists have signed up as membership continues to grow 30 to 40% each quarter. On Tuesday, the company announced it raised a $50 million Series C round led by Insight Partners, who also led the company’s $28 million Series B round in February. Optum Ventures, Tusk Venture Partners, Primary Venture Partners, Sound Ventures, BoxGroup and Rainfall Ventures also participated in the round. The deal brings Alma’s valuation to around $500 million, according to a person familiar with the deal. The company has raised $90.5 million to date.The Covid-19 pandemic has fueled an explosion of venture capital into behavioral healthcare startups, totaling $1.5 billion in the first half of the year, as the number of Americans experiencing anxiety and depression has skyrocketed. Last week, Ginger, which offers online access to behavioral health coaches and therapists, merged with meditation app Headspace in a $3 billion deal, Fast Company reported. Lyra Health, which offers mental health benefits for employers, was valued at $4.6 billion in June. All of these companies take different approaches to a common problem: health insurance directories for mental health providers are terrible and outdated.We really like this idea of being a business that's not just about reason and logic, but also about soul and heart.Growing up in a family of doctors, Ritter assumed that’s what lay ahead for him, too. However, in college and medical school he dabbled in some entrepreneurial ventures. The first one he describes as a “Facebook meets Tumblr” blogging platform for college students. He later learned how to code and attempted to build a social network for medical students. “I learned that you actually have to build good products,” he recalls. “It's not good enough for a doctor to try to play coder.” During his internal medicine residency at Massachusetts General Hospital, Ritter decided he wanted to try to change healthcare a different way so he moved to the corporate world and joined McKinsey as a consultant. Shortly after that, he joined New York-based Oscar Health when the now public health insurer was still pre-revenue, and went to law school at night.At Oscar, Ritter helped open an in-person primary care and behavioral health clinic known as the Oscar Center. Within two days of opening, the only therapist on staff had a month-long waitlist, and the center had to hire an intern whose sole job was to go through the provider directory and try to find in-network therapists they could refer out to, Ritter recalls. It was that experience, coupled with his own personal experience understanding the value of therapy, that he decided to help figure out the access problem of how to connect a bunch of fragmented independent therapists. So in 2017 he left to pursue a new goal: give therapists what they need to run a practice.That’s where Alma comes in. Its software, which is user-friendly for patients and therapists alike, is one big draw. But it’s biggest selling point to therapists is its relationship with the health insurance industry. Many therapists don’t take insurance because insurers’ rates are too low and don’t cover all of their administrative overhead. Alma’s software helps cut down on administrative costs, while the company also contracts with insurance companies on behalf of their members as a bloc. It’s a win for insurers because they’re getting vetted and quality providers, and a win for the therapists because Alma is negotiating rates on behalf of the group. Plus, providers get paid in two weeks instead of having to sometimes wait months for claims processing. Between the reduced overhead cost and better rates, providers can afford to take insurance coverage — which means more patients can come to see them.“Everybody's trying to be patient-friendly,” says Hilary Gosher, a managing director at Insight Partners who sits on Alma’s board. But she says a differentiator is that Alma is also focused on helping therapists run a small business while helping insurers direct their members to quality providers. Everyone wants “a therapist who's focused on their well-being not focused on ‘how do I run my small business,’” says Gosher. “The fact that Alma just takes care of everything in the background is huge.”Another key piece, Gosher says, is Alma’s patient matching services. By using data from patients, its algorithms help to match patients to therapists, enabling them to get the best help they need. That’s a big deal because a person usually has to try out three therapists before finding the right match, she adds. Alma’s technology is helping get that number down, and the company says its average retention rate is 90%, even if the patient has to try out more than one therapist.Humaira Naushad, Alma therapist.What started in the tri-state area has now grown to include therapists who are licensed to provide virtual care in 25 states and in-person care across eight states: New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Florida, Arizona, Texas and Nevada. (Providers can be licensed in more than one state.) Alma will focus on building out the mid-Atlantic region and the rest of the East Coast this fall with further expansion planned for 2022. Though they’re staying away from office spaces for now. “We have no plans to go back to reopen physical spaces, at least until there's more visibility into what the future of Covid looks like. And frankly, what the future of this industry looks like, given what's been a pretty significant behavioral shift,” says Ritter.One of those therapists using Alma is Humaira Naushad. Before Alma, she never thought she would be able to stand up her own practice this early in her career. Having graduated from Touro College in 2018, she was working at a substance abuse clinic as a mental health counselor. She wanted to open her own private practice but figured that wouldn’t be for at least five more years. “I think telehealth really motivated me to know that I can do this,” she says. It gave her the confidence that she could work from home and not worry about renting office space. She says it also helped that Alma dealt with insurers and removed a lot of the administrative burden. Now Naushad does around 15 to 20 sessions with clients per week. “Telemedicine is something that I will always do,” she says. “But in the future, hopefully when Covid ends, I would definitely want to go in-person, maybe two or three days.”While Alma still has a lease on a coworking space in Brooklyn, it doesn’t plan on reopening it anytime soon. Ritter is confident that virtual care is here to stay no matter what the future looks like. “Being able to see a therapist relatively quickly makes a big difference,” he says. “The diversity of the network and the diversity of the options available to [patients] makes a big difference.” While around 84% of mental health providers are white, according to the American Psychological Association, 30% of Alma’s providers identify as Black or Hispanic and 10% identify as Asian. With the new infusion of funding, the company aims to focus on building out technology to support even better care.That better care goes to the heart of why Ritter founded Alma in the first place. The word itself has two meanings, he says, including “soulfulness” in Latin. “We really like this idea of being a business that's not just about reason and logic, but also about soul and heart,” he says. In Aramaic, a language of ancient Mesopotamia, alma means “world.” The idea behind Alma, Ritter says, is how to “bring soulfulness back into the world through helping people with their mental health.”
Alma Founder and CEO Dr. Harry Ritter joins Cheddar News' Closing Bell to discuss the company's recent $50 million fundraise amid the worldwide increase in teletherapy. Alma currently operates in eight states, but it is planning to use the funds to expand further and bolster its online platform that helps therapists and patients alike. Alma can help you find a therapist that best fits your needs, in-network, and for a reasonable price.
Alma, a digital behavioral health company that helps providers streamline their business and work with insurers, has raised $130 million in Series D funding. This news comes just months after the startup closed a $90 million round.Alma is focused on supporting small mental health practices. It does this by helping those businesses set up an infrastructure to accept and contract with insurance plans. The company provides mental health practitioners with teletherapy software, automated billing and scheduling tools. Alma offers provider education and training tools.The company’s platform also lets patients search for providers.It has a membership-based business model. Clients pay $125 for a month-to-month membership and are able to keep all fees generated from patient visits, Alma founder and CEO Harry Ritter previously told Behavioral Health Business. The startup charges an additional fee for processing reimbursement claims.“Alma’s unique provider-first approach to mental health care allows providers to deliver high quality patient care while also making it as easy as possible for them to start and grow their practices,” Ross Devor, a Partner at Thoma Bravo, said in a statement. “Alma is providing tremendous value to key ecosystem participants: increased access for patients, insurance and billing support for providers, and valuable, diverse networks for payers. We look forward to leveraging our significant software and healthcare sector expertise to support the company’s continued growth.”Founded in 2017, the New York-based company now has more than $220 million in venture funding. Thoma Bravo led the round with participation from Cigna Ventures, Insight Partners, Optum Ventures, Tusk Venture Partners, Primary Venture Partners, and Sound Ventures.Alma is quickly growing. It now has over 8,000 health providers licensed to practice across 50 states. It also boasts of a diverse pool of therapists. In fact, 40% of providers in their network identify as Black, LatinX or Asian.The company also named a number of new hires including; LifeStance Health vet Dr. Elisabeth Morray as its next VP of clinical operations, former chief product officer (CPO) at Maven Clinic Erik Lumer as its next CPO and Quartet Health’s former chief compliance officer Chiddy Onyia as Alma’s new general counsel.This news comes at a time when digital mental health deals have been slowing. Virtual behavioral health companies raised $1.3 billion in the first half of 2022, according to Rock Health. Yet, the majority ($1 billion) was raised in Q1. The mental health sector raised $1.5 billion in the first half of 2021.Alma isn’t the only digital health company looking to help providers and patients match. Quartet Health, which landed $60 million in December, uses technology to help patients and referring primary care providers get connected to behavioral health services.Additionally, New York-based Headway built a platform designed to connect patients to mental health providers in their insurance networks. It has raised more than $100 million in venture funding.AlmaLaura Lovett is the Editor of Behavioral Health Business. Prior to this, she served as the Executive Editor of MobiHealthNews, a HIMSS Media publication. While reporting for MobiHealthNews, she won three bronze AZBEE awards including one for impact reporting. In 2019 Lovett took part in the Umass Medical Media Fellowship. Lovett was educated at the University of East Anglia, the University of Massachusetts, and Oxford University. If she isn’t reporting on healthcare she’s probably kayaking on the Charles River or trying a new recipe.Behavioral Health Business (BHB) is the leading source for news and information covering the mental health and addiction industry. BHB is part of the Aging Media Network.By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close
Please enable JS and disable any ad blocker