4.5In the Mental Health Services categoryVisit this website649 total5-star84%4-star10%3-star2%2-star<1%1-star3%FilterMost relevantWas a really relaxed and accessible way to get some support. Felt lighter after my first appointment and there wasn’t the pressure of having to speak to someone or see someone, I was able to take my time and type what I wanted to say which I found helped me express myself more easily. Really accessible and easy to navigate around the website.Date of experience: 12 September 2023Only just started my journey, hence the 4 stars. The gentleman I am talking to is very patient, calm and easy to talk to.The service was easy to apply to and I was kept informed the whole way, from the beginning, on what would happen and my choices.Definitely recommend.Date of experience: 12 September 2023It took me sometime to approach ieso for help but I’m glad I did. I found it strange at first but after the first couple of seasons I settled and found cbt very helpful if you or a family member needs help give them agoDate of experience: 30 August 2023I just spoke to the person for the first time and felt vey comfortable.Date of experience: 12 September 2023Efficient service, conducted professionally, l would recommend if you need to get clarity and talk to someone who will listen and suggest helpful tipsDate of experience: 07 September 2023I recommend it to anyone who has anxiety and stress problems. Thanks to my therapist Marie, I was able to manage the anxiety symptoms that prevented me from living a normal life. My therapist gave me the necessary tools to face all the symptoms, lose my fear of them and regain the confidence in myself that I had lost after 3 years of fighting this mental illness.Date of experience: 31 August 2023Reply from iesoHi Eva, Thank you so much for writing this incredible review, it is great to hear how much your therapist and ieso helped you get over your fears!I wish you all the very best for the future!Lana - iesoMy anxiety had reached a level where I was suffering everyday and it was affecting my everyday life. I decided I needed some help and ieso came up on my Facebook as a sponsored ad so I decided to refer myself. It was so easy to open up about my struggles using the text based sessions. After 8 weeks I’m in a much better place and have been left with the tools I need to ensure I don’t end up in the same place I was before. However, the doors are always open if I need any further help in the future. I highly recommend.Date of experience: 17 August 2023Reply from iesoHi Chantelle, Thank you so much writing this wonderful review. I am so glad ieso was able to help in the way you needed it to and that we have left you with the tools and confidence to conquer things in the future! It is also amazing to hear you would recommend us!I wish you all the best for the future!Lana - iesoI was referred to this service via my GP for a health anxiety issue. It didn’t take long to be referred at all. I originally did not realise that it was an online therapy which I have to be honest I was apprehensive about but I thought I would give it a go and found it very Useful. I was being treated through the CBT approach initially but when the therapist realised this wasn’t the most effective therapy for me she suggested ACT which means acceptance and commitment therapy.It took a good few sessions of this learning and self-help before it finally dawned on me that I had grasped the concept and once I had it all made sense and I now use it on a daily basis to manage my anxieties.The therapist was very understanding and patient but also very encouraging. The useful thing about having therapy online is that all of the conversation is available to review at any time and can be referred to If needed.I was advised at the end of the session is that if I had a relapse and require the services again that I just need to reapply through my GP which was of a comfort to me.Date of experience: 01 September 2023Reply from iesoHi Joanna,Thank you for taking the time to write this lovely review. It is great to hear of your experience with ieso and how it has helped you manage your anxieties.I wish you all the very best for the future.Lana - iesoWhere do you start... my first therapist got my name wrong multiple times and my second one constantly made spelling mistakes as if they just got out of bed.She had zero initiative in guiding the sessions, my second therapist in particular seemed fixated on pushing certain answers out of me, it all felt like you were going through the motions. Simply to tick boxes that satisfy them so that they can reach their quota, rather than genuinely help you.It honestly feels like you're talking to people fresh out of school who are simply unprepared to have any meaningful conversation on the topic you sign up for. Either that, or they're just too jaded to care about their profession. I felt like I could have done a better job than my second therapist. We're told they're qualified and accredited CBT therapists but they certainly don't feel like it.It's clear they copy and paste things too in the way they respond. They're too lazy to give you a genuine 1 on 1 session and treat you like a human, instead you're just seen as another number.One hour is also not enough time for these sessions, I don't know who green-lit the idea that it would be enough but it isn't, at least not for any genuine conversation.The homework they give needs improvement too, they'll tell you to fill it out without explaining it properly, then they'll provide documents maybe 1 or 2 days later formatted in a way where you can barely write anything.I wouldn't recommend IESO to anyone and its worrying that this is the first option suggested for mental health in my area.Date of experience: 01 September 2023Reply from iesoHi James, Thank you for getting in touch with your feedback, I am very sorry to hear about your experience with ieso.We value all feedback and would like to understand a bit more about what happened in your case so we can make necessary improvements, therefore, please do email our Complaints Department, complaints@iesohealth.com, who would be happy to look into this for you.I wish you all the very best for the future.Lana - iesoI was listened to, supported and guided by a professional, empathic and non judgemental therapist. I was not rushed or pushed into doing things I was not ready for e.g activities. I slowly managed to gain some self confidence and self worth which I am still working on. I am now able to slowly move forward after the trauma that took me to utilise this service.Date of experience: 30 June 2023Reply from iesoHi Gail, Thank you for writing us this review, it is greatly appreciated. I'm so glad to hear that you felt supported by your therapist, and that your therapy was tailored to your individual needs. We wish you all the best, Sophie, iesoThe main thing I loved about it is that you type, so you don’t have to speak to anyone when talking about emotional experiences. There are also no awkward silences- just typing and thinking. The support I received was really great, a really great therapist who helped me overcome my issues. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for cbt.Date of experience: 15 July 2023Reply from iesoHello, Thank you for writing this lovely review. It's wonderful to hear that you found the typed format of therapy so helpful and that you were supported in overcoming your issues. We wish you all the best going forwards. Sophie, iesoAfter much thought and realising I needed help I requested therapy through NHS and this led me to IESO. Ron Hogg, My therapist, was very considerate and really helpful in aligning my mindset using various techniques.Date of experience: 11 July 2023Reply from iesoHi Antony,Thank you for taking the time to write this wonderful review.We are delighted to hear that you had a positive experience with ieso and that you are able to use the techniques shown within your sessions to help you moving forwards.I wish you all the very best for the future.Lana - iesoThe therapist quickly got to the heart of my problem and helped move our discussions into the relevant areas. At the end, I felt better able to cope with the problems I have been experiencing.Date of experience: 03 August 2023Reply from iesoHi David,Thank you for taking the time to leave us this review.We are thrilled to hear of your positive experience and that your therapist was able to help you.We wish you all the very best for the future!Lana - iesoI'm amazed at the positive reviews of this company - my experience was almost entirely negative. Both of my therapists were poor, but the second one was completely appalling - appointments weren't put in until the last minute, meaning that I didn't have much time to complete the 9 questionnaires that I had to do before each session, she randomly sent parts of messages in capital letters, she asked me the same questions multiple times about the same topic (I assumed she forgot was discussed from one session to the next) so I just had to keep repeating myself, if I was talking about something she would cut me off and talk about something totally different, and in general she just had absolutely no idea what I was going through or how she could help me. The first one kept saying, "it sounds like you have a lot on, are you sure now is the right time for therapy?". Surely everyone going through therapy has a lot on? The typing doesn't work either - there is too much of a delay and responses took ages to come through - a lot longer than you would think it would take to type a message. It made me wonder whether they were doing something else at the same time. I've had 6 therapists now and this was my worst experience.Date of experience: 28 August 2023Reply from iesoHi Alexandra,Thank you for this review. I am extremely sorry to hear about your experience at ieso.We value all feedback and would like to understand a bit more about what happened in your case so we can make necessary improvements, therefore, please do email our Complaints Department, complaints@iesohealth.com, who would be happy to look into this for you.I wish you all the very best for the future.Lana - iesoI found this service easily and quickly accessible when I was feeling particularly desperate. I was matched with a lovely wise and caring practitioner who I felt comfortable talking to immediately. I found that typing responses back and fourth was a brilliant way to conduct our therapy sessions. I have learnt such a lot and I feel that my life has truly changed for the better with our CBT sessions. My therapist always listened and responded with such thought, clarity and skill. She booked me in quickly and effortlessly for each session and gave me all the time and the tools that I required to heal by changing the way in which I responded to any negative and unhelpful thought patterns.  I would totally recommend this service and am very grateful to have had access to  it.Date of experience: 04 April 2023Reply from iesoHi Claire, Thank you for taking the time to write this review. It's wonderful to hear that your therapy with ieso has positively impacted your life and that you found the typed form of therapy so useful. We wish you all the best going forwards. Sophie, iesoApplied from a Facebook link and was appointed with a therapist within two weeks. Typed therapy is great if you have an anxiety about face to face or phone discussions. Brilliant interaction and professionalism helped me a lot. I’d recommend the service if you don’t feel able to reach out to friends or family.Date of experience: 08 June 2023Reply from iesoHi Graham, Thank you for taking the time to write this review. I'm glad that you found the typed format of therapy useful and that your time with your therapist was helpful to you. We wish you all the best, Sophie, iesoHad excellent therapy provided by Ben Chapman the best one so far in my life. He has given me the tools to deal with my problems and the professional advice for the present and future issues. I had counselling many times under both NHS and private, but it never proved so helpful. I don't know whether I was not ready to benefit from the counseling in the past or the counseling was not given in the helpful way, may be both. Thank you IESO for the online platform, it is very easy to have online counselling while sitting comfortably at home. Thank you NHS for supporting mental health in the community.Date of experience: 28 March 2023Reply from iesoHi ArshThank you for taking the time to leave us such a positive review. I am delighted to hear about the experience you had with your therapist and what a positive impact they, and our service, made on you. I will pass over your thanks to your therapist. I wish you all the very best for the future. Emma - ieso.This form of therapy may not sound attractive to some but in my experience Ieso was a great way for me to access therapy from my own home. It helped me to become my own therapist, following a course of CBT sessions. The difference in my mental health at the end of the sessions was massive. I would highly recommend to anybody who is looking to work on changing negative thought patterns and personal beliefs for the better.Date of experience: 23 May 2023Reply from iesoHi Claire, Thank you for this review. It's fantastic to hear that your course of CBT with ieso has helped improve your mental health so much and that you would recommend our service to others. We wish you all the best for the future. Sophie, iesoAlways listening and responding to my concerns. the appointments were convenient and the system is easy to use. Very friendly staff and helpful with information to use and refer back to.Date of experience: 16 June 2023Reply from iesoHello, Thank you for taking the time to write this review. It's great to hear that you had a good experience with ieso and that you found our staff friendly and helpful. We wish you all the best. Sophie, iesoBrilliant advice and support when I needed it most. I would highly recommend this service, If you are willing to put in effort yourself to practice what you learn using cbt techniques -  you will be rewarded with a better understanding of how your thoughts impact your behaviours and emotions. Realising that changing small behaviours can make huge differences is very encouraging. I would recommend this service highly.Date of experience: 08 June 2023Reply from iesoHi June, Thank you for writing this review. It's wonderful to hear that you highly recommend ieso to others. We hope that you found the therapy useful and wish you all the best going forwards. Best wishes,Sophie, iesoInformation written by the companyDr Julian261ClaimedBetterHelp6,458ClaimedClinical Partners1,146Asking for reviewsSuggested companies are based on people’s browsing tendencies.Anyone can write a Trustpilot review. People who write reviews have ownership to edit or delete them at any time, and they’ll be displayed as long as an account is active.Companies can ask for reviews via automatic invitations. Labeled Verified, they’re about genuine experiences.Learn more about other kinds of reviews.We use dedicated people and clever technology to safeguard our platform. Find out how we combat fake reviews.Here are 8 tips for writing great reviews.Verification can help ensure real people write reviews about real companies.It goes against our guidelines to offer incentives for reviews. We also ensure all reviews are published without moderation.