August 3, 2023Divi’s Nutraceuticals is a global manufacturer and supplier of over 80 forms of carotenoids and vitamins. The company was founded in 2006 as a division of Divi’s Laboratories, a leading global supplier of active pharmaceuticals (APIs) and intermediates. Thanks to its exclusive cutting-edge development and production, Divi’s Nutraceuticals supplies supplement, food, beverage, pet food and feed customers with state-of-the-art product forms throughout the world. Innovation is at the heart of our projects, and Divi’s is regularly offering new solutions to best meet the requirements of a constantly changing market.Divi’s will present its latest innovations at FI South America 2023, such as a new “free-from” ingredient range called Novel Application, developed to answer increasing consumer demand for products containing less additives. As an expert in chemical synthesis and ingredient formulation, Divi’s has the technical capabilities to produce silicon dioxide-free spray-dried products with the same performance and characteristics as conventional spray-dried products, resulting in nanoparticle-free ingredients. Moreover, these products contain no synthetic antioxidant, no palm oil and no added sugar, while maintaining excellent stability and texture. Divi’s Novel Application carotenoids and vitamins can be used either in supplements or to fortify or color a variety of liquids and dry foods and beverages.Divi’s Nutraceuticals will present another innovation, AstaBead. Divi’s and Algalif have joined their expertise to develop highly concentrated beadlets of sustainable natural astaxanthin. Algalif’s production process, located in Iceland, uses renewable energy, and provides premium astaxanthin oleoresin naturally sourced from microalgae. Divi’s transforms this oleoresin into exclusive, easy-to-handle AstaBead beadlets that contain 5% astaxanthin – the highest concentration on the market – allowing smaller tablets and hard-shell capsules. AstaBead beadlets also show excellent performance in applications such as nutritional bars. The AstaBead range includes a fast-dispersing form of astaxanthin benefiting from Divi’s innovative CaroQuik formulation. It is suitable for the fortification of powdered beverages, whether packaged in canisters or in today’s popular disperser sticks and caps.For more information, please visit Divi’s Nutraceuticals (booth F79) at FI South America 2023.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use