June 21, 2023Consumer demand continues to evolve towards products containing less additives. To help customers meet this need, Divi’s Nutraceuticals has developed a high quality free-from ingredient range called Novel Application. As an expert in chemical synthesis and formulation, Divi’s has the technical capabilities to produce silicon dioxide-free spray-dried products with the same performance and characteristics as conventional spray-dried products, resulting in nanoparticle-free ingredients. Moreover, these products contain no synthetic antioxidant, no palm oil and no added sugar, while maintaining excellent stability and texture. Divi’s Novel Application carotenoids and vitamins can be used either in supplements or to fortify or color a variety of liquids and dry foods and beverages.Divi’s Nutraceuticals will present another innovation, AstaBead. Divi’s and Algalif have joined their expertise to develop highly concentrated beadlets of sustainable natural astaxanthin. Algalif’s production process, located in Iceland, uses renewable energy, and provides premium astaxanthin oleoresin naturally sourced from microalgae. Divi’s transforms this oleoresin into exclusive, easy-to-handle AstaBead beadlets that contain 5% astaxanthin – the highest concentration on the market – allowing smaller tablets and hard-shell capsules. AstaBead beadlets also show excellent performance in applications such as nutritional bars. The AstaBead range includes a fast-dispersing form of astaxanthin benefiting from Divi’s innovative CaroQuik formulation. It is suitable for the fortification of powdered beverages, whether packaged in canisters or in today’s popular disperser sticks and caps.Color is often the first element noticed in the appearance of a food or beverage product, impacting the way consumers perceive taste and flavor. Carotenoids are good alternatives to artificial dyes and support the transition to clean labels. Divi’s offers a range of synthetic and natural carotenoids providing light yellow to dark red coloration. These carotenoids are available in a variety of high-quality product forms to best suit the requirements of each type of application, whether for use in fortification or coloration. Divi’s portfolio includes carotenoid formulations developed for specific applications, such as CaroClear that is used to give a bright, transparent color to clear beverages, or CaroQuik that is quickly dispersible in cold water for use in powders. To help our customers answer the demand for additive-free foods and beverages, we also offer carotenoid forms made with a process where no silicon dioxide is added.For more information, please visit Divi’s Nutraceuticals (booth S0113 – South Building) at IFT First 2023 or contact us.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use