Vitafoods India 2023 | Nutraceutical Trade Show site is part of the Informa Markets Division of Informa PLCThis site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 8860726.13 – 15 February 2024Pavilion 1, Jio World Convention Center,MumbaiVitafoods India is now moving to Mumbai with a 3 day event. Catering to India's ever growing nutraceutical industry, the expo is comprehensively tailored to the regional requirements. The Internationality of the expo is a key factor valued by attendees and exhibitors who chose Vitafoods as a fast route to connect their products and services with a diverse range of relevant business professionals from 70+ visiting countries.Vitafoods India has an expressed purpose to forge a nutraceuticals community that's as empowered as it is informed. Vitafoods India will turn on the spotlight for your business - putting you at the heart of Nutraceuticals. Give your business the boost it deserves. Join us at Vitafoods India 2024.Join the movers and shakers of the nutraceutical industry, grow your business and forge new partnerships. The 3day in-person exhibition will also include conference sessions from leading experts, giving you insights into important industry trends.Meet, connect and enjoy with live presentations, virtual tours and more.Join us in Mumbai to connect, do business and learn.Share Your Products With The Most Relevant Audience.From research to product formulation and commercialization, to packaging and brand development. Vitafoods India is an invaluable platform for companies to meet their business goals.Share ideas, advice and tips with leading industry figures.Meet fellow experts and build lasting relationships.Exhibit Your Products To A Niche Industry Relevant AudienceDiscover trends and innovations in health and nutrition.Source or share with buyers, distributors, retailers and suppliers.Meet suppliers and source white-label products.Engage with a wide range of specialist solution providers.Kavita PatelDeputy Project ManagerKavita.patel@informa.com+91 98196 65659Ketki KarkhanisProject Directorketki.karkhanis.in@informa.com+91 98196 49055Pooja SangheraAccount ManagerPooja.Sanghera@informa.com+44 77762 45500Copyright © 2022. All rights reserved. Informa Markets, a trading division of Informa PLC.