Growing demand for powdered supplements from athletes and fitness enthusiasts is expected to boost powdered dietary supplements in the coming years. Because powders are water soluble or dispersible, they allow consumers to take their supplement in liquid form, which is both preferable and easier for many people. Powdered supplements – whether presented in bulk or in sachets – are convenient, readily available and offer a large variety of tastes. The active ingredients they contain remain stable, and powders can be stored for a relatively long time.The technical requirements include the quick and complete dissolution to release the full benefit of the ingredients. In addition, the final beverage should look appealing in terms of color, aspect and taste.Divi’s product forms exhibit excellent color and pH stability in fortified powders. They allow consistent color shade and facilitate handling thanks to their excellent flowability.For all fine powders where uniformity is a key performance parameter, Divi’s Nutraceuticals uses a new cutting-edge technology to make unique mini beadlets. Our Mini-Beads provide excellent stability and grant excellent uniformity in a range of applications.Divi’s uses an exclusive microencapsulation process to produce Mini-Beads, which are about 30% finer than regular beadlets for superior uniformity in fine powders like premixes.Fortified powders packaged in sticks, dispersion caps and powder cans are gaining increasing interest from consumers.Using a unique technology, Divi’s has developed CaroQuik and VitaQuik beadlets for quick dispersion of fortified powders in cold water.Our unique VitaQuick Vitamin E beadlets are designed to enhance the rapidity of the cold water dispersion of fortified powders.Divi’s unique CaroQuik beadlets are designed to enhance rapid, cold water dispersion of fortified powders. Due to their innovative formulation, these specialty carotenoid beadlets improve powder beverage dissolution times. They offer fortification and color features for application in today’s popular sticks, dispersion caps and powder canister packaging.In order to help our customers meet consumer demand for less additives, Divi’s offers product forms that are formulated with healthy oils and contain no sugar, no synthetic antioxidants and no silicon dioxide.To help our customers target consumer demand for additive-free supplements, our range also includes silicon dioxide-free product forms.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldDivi’s offers a large range of carotenoid and vitamin powders available in different concentrations:Beta-CaroteneAstaxanthinLycopeneLutein and ZeaxanthinVitamin AVitamins D2 and D3Vitamin EDivi’s offers versatile and personalized solutions to help dietary supplement manufacturers achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development:Customized product development and stability testing in all applicationsCustomized ingredient solutions in liquids, beadlets and powder formsAnalytical testing from basic physical properties to sophisticated analyticsComprehensive regulatory expertise for all major marketsAt Divi’s Nutraceuticals, we listen to our customers and understand their needs. We offer versatile and personalized solutions to help them achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development. In addition to our extensive portfolio, we can adapt our product formulations and solution concentrations to fit the individual needs of our customers.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use