Discover our portfolio of ingredients that deliver the best performance for the coloration of alcoholic drinks. Our carotenoids offer a wide range of vibrant colors from pale yellow to dark red.Our spray-dried powders and microencapsulated ingredients offer many advantages:Ease of manufacturing due to excellent flowabilitySuperior dispersibilityExcellent color and pH stability in beveragesRepeatable color shadeNo ring formationNo sedimentationNo turbidityNo sensory impactConsumers are highly concerned about the effects of artificial dyes and are looking for other options.We offer a wide range of carotenoids that can be used as healthy colors in a variety of beverages*. Our coloring solutions help you to develop drinks with bright colors ranging from light yellow to dark red, through oranges and pinks.Our CaroClear Beta-Carotene is a nature-identical colorant that can be used to color clear and transparent beverages, such as flavored waters and soft drinks, but also energy and sports drinks. The result is a bright, transparent color that makes beverages very appealing to consumers. Divi’s CaroClear Beta-Carotene is taste neutral and shows excellent stability in applications.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldIn order to help our customers meet consumer demand for less additives, Divi’s offers product forms that are formulated with healthy oils and contain no sugar, no synthetic antioxidants and no silicon dioxide.Consumer demand continues to evolve towards products containing as few additives as possible. In order to help our customers meet this need, we have developed high quality ingredients formulated with less additives. Our various Novel Application product formulations can be used either in supplements or to fortify and color a variety of liquid and dry foods and beverages.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldTo answer increasing consumers’ concern about the potential safety issues of nanoparticles on health, we developed product forms which are nanoparticle free. Our state-of-the-art technical capabilities enable us to produce spray-dried products without addition of silicon dioxide. These products show similar flowability performance and characteristics to conventional spray-dried products.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldTo help our customers target consumer demand for additive-free supplements, food and beverages, our range also includes silicon dioxide-free product forms.Divi’s offers a large range of carotenoid beadlets and powders in different concentrations:Beta-CaroteneCanthaxanthinLycopeneLuteinDivi’s offers versatile and personalized solutions to help beverage manufacturers achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development:Customized product development and stability testing in all applicationsCustomized ingredient solutions in liquids, beadlets and powder formsAnalytical testing from basic physical properties to sophisticated analyticsComprehensive regulatory expertise for all major marketsAt Divi’s Nutraceuticals, we listen to our customers and understand their needs. We offer versatile and personalized solutions to help them achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development. In addition to our extensive portfolio, we can adapt our product formulations and solution concentrations to fit the individual needs of our customers.* Regulatory InfoCanthaxanthinEU: Canthaxanthin is not permitted in the EU as a direct food color.
USA: The color additive canthaxanthin may be safely used for coloring foods generally subject to the following restrictions:
(i) The quantity of canthaxanthin does not exceed 30 mg per pound of solid or semisolid food or per pint of liquid food; and
(ii) It may not be used to color foods for which standards of identity have been promulgated under section 401 of the act unless added color is authorized by such standards.LycopeneEU: Lycopene is permitted for food use in the EU as a color or nutritional ingredient.
USA: Lycopene can only be used as a nutritional ingredient in the USA.LuteinEU: Lutein is permitted for food use in the EU as a color or nutritional ingredient.
USA: Lutein can only be used as a nutritional ingredient in the USA.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use