Canthaxanthin is an oil soluble carotenoid pigment with a characteristic orange-red color. It occurs naturally in many foods such as mushrooms, crustaceans, fish and eggs. Nature-identical canthaxanthin is produced by chemical synthesis as a colorant for application in human and animal feed products.Canthaxanthin is added to poultry feed in order to enhance the yellow pigmentation of egg yolks and poultry skin.In the field of aquaculture, canthaxanthin (together with astaxanthin) plays an important role in enhancing the pink flesh color of farmed salmon, making it more attractive to consumers.Divi’s offers canthaxanthin as beadlets and suspension in different concentrations to meet varied application requirements.At Divi’s Nutraceuticals, we listen to our customers and understand their needs. We offer versatile and personalized solutions to help them achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development. In addition to our extensive canthaxanthin portfolio, we can adapt our product formulations and solution concentrations to fit the individual needs of our customers.Product forms: nature-identical (synthetic) water-soluble beadlets and suspensionProduct quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use