Natural support for eye healthLutein and zeaxanthin are carotenoids naturally occurring in plants, especially in marigold and green leafy vegetables like spinach and kale.Lutein is well known and has been extensively studied for its benefits to eye health, particularly in aging. In other studies, lutein has demonstrated anti-inflammatory properties an improvement in skin elasticity*.Zeaxanthin is also an antioxidant, limiting oxidative damage and supporting the immune system*.Lutein can also be used as a food colorant, helping food manufacturers in their transition to clean labels**.Divi’s lutein and zeaxanthin are naturally sourced from marigold flowers (Tagetes Erecta).Our portfolio includes various forms such as spray-dried powders, microencapsulated, directly compressible beadlets and suspensions.All forms exhibit excellent performance in applications, such as superior uniformity and stability in both liquid and dry applications. They are kosher/halal certified, gluten-free, non-GMO and do not contain ingredients of known allergenic potential.Divi’s lutein and zeaxanthin are suitable for vegetarian and vegan diets.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldIn order to help our customers meet consumer demand for less additives, Divi’s offers product forms that are formulated with healthy oils and contain no sugar, no synthetic antioxidants and no silicon dioxide.Consumer demand continues to evolve towards products containing as few additives as possible. In order to help our customers meet this need, we have developed high quality ingredients formulated with less additives. Our various Novel Application product formulations can be used either in supplements or to fortify and color a variety of liquid and dry foods and beverages.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldTo answer increasing consumers’ concern about the potential safety issues of nanoparticles on health, we developed product forms which are nanoparticle free. Our state-of-the-art technical capabilities enable us to produce spray-dried products without addition of silicon dioxide. These products show similar flowability performance and characteristics to conventional spray-dried products.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldTo help our customers target consumer demand for additive-free supplements, food and beverages, our range also includes silicon dioxide-free product forms.Divi’s unique CaroQuik beadlets are designed to enhance rapid, cold water dispersion of fortified powder beverages. Due to their innovative formulation, these specialty carotenoid beadlets improve powder beverage dissolution times. They offer fortification and color features for application in today’s popular instant beverage sticks, dispersion caps and powder canister packaging.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldAs an expert in the formulation of carotenoids, Divi’s offers a wide range of lutein and zeaxanthin product forms for supplements, but also for fortification and coloration of a variety of foods and beverages.Tablets 
Effervescent tablets
Powders
Hard-shell capsules
Softgels
GummiesFruit juices
Vegetable juices
Sports drinks
Energy drinks
Powdered drinks
Instant powder drinks
SmoothiesMargarines
OilsAt Divi’s Nutraceuticals, we listen to our customers and understand their needs. We offer versatile and personalized solutions to help them achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development. In addition to our extensive lutein and zeaxanthin portfolio, we can adapt our product formulations and solution concentrations to fit the individual needs of our customers.Active ingredient source: Marigold flowers (Tagetes Erecta)Products forms: spray-dried powders, microencapsulated beadlets and liquid suspensionMatrix (or carrier) variation support specific application functions: water or oil dispersibility, use in dry blendsActive ingredient source: Marigold flowers (Tagetes Erecta)Product form: beadlets, liquid suspensions* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Please contact us for a list of references and citations.** Lutein is permitted for food use in the EU as a color or nutritional ingredient. Lutein can only be used as a nutritional ingredient in the USA.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use