Vitafoods Asia is part of the Informa Markets Division of Informa PLCThis site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 8860726.20 - 22 Sept 2023 - Bangkok, ThailandLet's meet up!Connect with nutraceutical experts in Bangkok & online.Vitafoods Asia is back with a bang in Bangkok and online! Co-located with Fi Asia, Vitafoods Asia connects over 350+ international suppliers and 8,000+ business leaders across the nutraceutical and food and beverage industry, looking to source the most innovative and highest quality ingredients, dietary supplements and services.Meet, connect and enjoy with live presentations, virtual tours and more.Join us in Bangkok, attend virtually or enjoy the best of both worlds.Share your products and your brand with thousands of people.This year’s show is jam-packed with the very best suppliers and leaders from all corners of the nutraceutical world.From research to product formulation and commercialisation, through to packaging and brand development. Vitafoods Asia as an invaluable platform for companies to meet their business goals.Share ideas, advice and tips with leading industry figures.Meet fellow experts and build lasting relationships.Exhibit your products to a passionate audience.Enjoy comfort & atmosphere in a world class exhibition hall.Discover trends and innovations in health and nutrition.Source or share with buyers, distributors, retailers and suppliers.Meet suppliers and source white-label products.Engage with a wide range of specialist solution providers.of visitors are looking for new distributorscompanies exhibited at the eventvisitors took partcountries representedAfter COVID-19, the world needed a new approach that ensured that all exhibitors, attendees, visitors, speakers, sponsors and customers could feel safe and secure attending events. This led to the development of Informa AllSecure, a new set of health and safety standards created with the combined expertise of industry leaders, health experts, venue partners, suppliers, contractors, government representatives and local authorities.AllSecure prioritises the health and safety of visitors, exhibitors and colleagues above all else. Its detailed guidelines make sure that the highest standards of physical distancing, cleaning, testing and communication are maintained at all our events.Future Market InsightsInternational Probiotics AssociationGOED Omega-3Copyright © 2023. All rights reserved. Informa Markets, a trading division of Informa PLC.We use cookies to help provide you with the best possible online experience. Please read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy for information about which cookies we use and what information we collect on our site. By continuing to use this site, you agree that we may store and access cookies on your device.