Beta-carotene is a carotenoid naturally found in many green leafy and yellow plants, which works as provitamin A and antioxidant. As fat-soluble, yellow-orange pigment, it has also coloration properties.Beta-carotene fortifies cattle feed with a rich source of provitamin A. Vitamin A supports healthy fertility, growth of young calves and consistently strong milk output.Conditions such as crowding, heat and disease can cause increased free radical production and oxidative stress. Antioxidants, like beta-carotene, can combat free radical production and oxidation, and may improve immune function.Divi’s Beta-carotene beadlets and suspension provide a stable source of this carotenoid which can be used to enhance the yellow pigmentation of egg yolks and poultry skin. Beta-carotene may also have important effects on flock immunity, reduction in inflammation and respiratory infections.The benefits of Divi’s beta-carotene products (antioxidant activity and source of provitamin A) are just as important for horse feed.At Divi’s Nutraceuticals, we listen to our customers and understand their needs. We offer versatile and personalized solutions to help them achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development. In addition to our extensive beta-carotene portfolio, we can adapt our product formulations and solution concentrations to fit the individual needs of our customers.Active ingredient: synthetic beta-caroteneProduct form: gelatin microencapsulated beadletProduct quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use