We have a long experience in the production and formulation of carotenoids and fat-soluble vitamins for the beverage industry. Our innovative forms have been specifically developed to respond to the challenges faced by beverage manufacturers.Today’s consumers are looking for functional beverages that offer nutritional benefits, while being both visually and taste appealing. Our coloring solutions help you to develop drinks with bright colors ranging from light yellow to dark red, through oranges and pinks, while in most cases adding health benefits to your products.Divis offers a whole range of innovative and high-quality ingredients for applications as varied as sports or energy drinks, fruit juices, smoothies and many more. We are confident that we can provide you with the right solution for your needs. Talk to our experts, they will accompany you throughout the development of your product.Rely on our 20 years of experience in formulation to help you develop your next beverage. Our application labs on three continents are fully equipped to meet our customers’ needs for fortification and carotenoid coloration.Our services include color matching using L*a*b* values, as well as sensory and taste profile analysis in order to meet your specifications.We can also provide you with our own application formulas for different types of drinks in order to guide you in the choice of the ingredients and the quantities to be used according to the desired result.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Term of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldDivi’s offers versatile and personalized solutions to help beverage manufacturers achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development:Customized product development and stability testing in all applicationsCustomized ingredient solutions in liquids, beadlets and powder formsAnalytical testing from basic physical properties to sophisticated analyticsComprehensive regulatory expertise for all major marketsDivi’s Nutraceuticals production facilities operate under the highest quality standards. Our product forms are fully compliant with the current US and EU regulatory requirements for use in food, dietary supplements and animal feed. They benefit from a full documentation package.The regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use