Colorant with superior stabilityApocarotenal, or trans-β-apo-8′-carotenal, is a carotenoid found in spinach and citrus fruits.While a natural form is not available in the market place, apocarotenal is a highly stable, orange to orange-red molecule used for coloration in foods and beverages.It advantageously replaces artificial dyes and helps food marketers in their transition to clean labels.Divi’s apocarotenal is a nature-identical colorant that gives a light orange to orange-red hue to a large range of food and beverage products. It offers superior performance in applications:Uniform color shade in food preparationsNo red spotsExcellent color stabilityDesirable appearanceSuitable for applications requiring high temperature heatingWe offer case studies for the use of apocarotenal in a wide range of applications. Contact us to request apocarotenal application sheets.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldTo help our customers target consumer demand for additive-free food and beverages, our range also includes silicon dioxide-free product forms.To answer increasing consumers’ concern about the potential safety issues of nanoparticles on health, we developed product forms which are nanoparticle free. Our state-of-the-art technical capabilities enable us to produce spray-dried products without addition of silicon dioxide. These products show similar flowability performance and characteristics to conventional spray-dried products.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldThanks to our formulation expertise, we offer an extensive portfolio of apocarotenal forms:
spray-dried powders, microencapsulated beadlets, oil solutions and suspensions. Divi’s apocarotenal can be used in a wide range of applications. These include, but are not limited to:Yogurt
CheeseGummies
Hard candies
GlazesIce cream
Low fat ice cream
GelatoCroissants
Cakes
Rolls
Cookies
Fruit fillingSoups
Salad dressing
Cheese sauce
Vegan sausages
Surimi
ChipsSoy milkVegan sausagesAt Divi’s Nutraceuticals, we listen to our customers and understand their needs. We offer versatile and personalized solutions to help them achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development. In addition to our extensive apocarotenal portfolio, we can adapt our product formulations and solution concentrations to fit the individual needs of our customers.Product forms: spray-dried powders, microencapsulated beadlets, solutions and suspensionMatrix (or carrier) variation in the forms supports specific application functions: water or oil dispersibility, use in dry blendsRegulatory InfoUSA: The color additive [beta]-apo-8’-carotenal may be safely used for coloring foods generally, subject to the following restrictions: 1) The quantity of [beta]-apo-8’-carotenal does not exceed 15 milligrams per pound of solid or semisolid food or 15 milligrams per pint of liquid food. 2) It may not be used to color foods for which standards of identity have been promulgated under section 401 of the act unless added color is authorized by such standards. Labeling: Beta-apo-8’-carotenal (Color). Uses and restrictions: 21CFR73.90EU: The use of apocarotenal (E160e) as a food additive in the EU is determined by Reg. 1333/2008, specifying the respective food categories and maximum levels. Depending on the respective food category, the use of apocarotenal may be authorized as part of the group III additives where combined maximum limits apply or as individual additive, specified by an entry under E160e.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use