Fortified gummies represent a convenient and easily consumable way to deliver nutritional ingredients. Fortified gummies are already widely consumed in the US and are now also spreading in Europe. Especially children, but also more and more adults appreciate the texture and broad variety of shapes and taste of gummy supplements.Divi’s developed a range of product forms that are highly stable during the production process and the entire shelf life of fortified gummies, avoiding the inconvenient of adding high overages in the formulation.Our carotenoids provide an appealing and repeatable color shade to fortified gummies.In order to help our customers meet consumer demand for less additives, Divi’s offers product forms that are formulated with healthy oils and contain no sugar, no synthetic antioxidants and no silicon dioxide.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldDivi’s offers a large range of carotenoid and vitamin suspensions and solutions in different concentrations:Beta-CaroteneLycopeneLutein and ZeaxanthinVitamins D2 and D3Divi’s offers versatile and personalized solutions to help dietary supplement manufacturers achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development:Customized product development and stability testing in all applicationsCustomized ingredient solutions in liquids, beadlets and powder formsAnalytical testing from basic physical properties to sophisticated analyticsComprehensive regulatory expertise for all major marketsAt Divi’s Nutraceuticals, we listen to our customers and understand their needs. We offer versatile and personalized solutions to help them achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development. In addition to our extensive portfolio, we can adapt our product formulations and solution concentrations to fit the individual needs of our customers.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use