Divi’s Nutraceuticals has extensive experience and strong expertise in the manufacturing and formulation of fat-soluble vitamins and carotenoids for the dietary supplement industry. Our ingredients exhibit high quality nutrient profiles and excellent properties in dietary supplement applications. We help dietary supplement manufacturers meet the demands of today’s consumers for bioavailability and convenient delivery methods.Indeed, in recent years, consumers have been actively looking for ways to maintain their health and well-being. However, the current lifestyle and busy work schedules make it difficult for a whole category of the population to meet their nutrient needs. These people naturally turn to dietary supplements because of their convenience, which is expected to boost the market in the coming years.Explore our wide range of ingredient forms – you’re sure to find the ones that will work best in your application. If you need support, our experts will advise you on the best form to use and stay at your side throughout the development of your product.Divi’s offers versatile and personalized solutions to help dietary supplement manufacturers achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development:Customized product development and stability testing in all applicationsCustomized ingredient solutions in liquids, beadlets and powder formsAnalytical testing from basic physical properties to sophisticated analyticsComprehensive regulatory expertise for all major marketsDivi’s Nutraceuticals production facilities operate under the highest quality standards. Our product forms are fully compliant with the current US and EU regulatory requirements for use in food, dietary supplements and animal feed. They benefit from a full documentation package.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use