Thanks to our technical expertise in formulation, we offer our customers a wide portfolio of specialty ingredients for use in fortification and coloration.Some of our carotenoid and vitamin product forms are designed specifically for dietary supplements, while others are suitable for the fortification of a broad range of food and beverage products. Our extensive portfolio of natural and nature-identical carotenoids displays a color pallet ranging from yellow to red and offers superior stability in all applications. We also offer the right ingredients for the best performance in pet food and feed applications.We provide a complete range of versatile and personalized solutions to help you achieve your objectives in terms of innovation and product development. Contact our experts, they’ll be able to help you.With over 20 years of experience in formulation, we can support you for your product development. Our application labs on three continents are fully equipped to meet our customers’ needs for fortification and carotenoid coloration.Our services include color matching using L*a*b* values, as well as sensory and taste profile analysis in order to meet your specifications.We can also provide you with our own application formulas for different types of applications to guide you in the choice of their ingredients and the quantities to be used according to the desired result.We leverage our ingredient and application expertise to prepare standard formulations that support you in your product development.
Request the formulations of your choice today and consult this list regularly. It is frequently supplemented with new formulations.Can not find what you are looking for? Do not hesitate to contact us. We will develop a formulation suitable for your application.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Term of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldPrivacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Term of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldWe offer versatile and personalized solutions to help you achieve your objectives in terms of innovation and product development:Customized product development and stability testing in all applicationsCustomized ingredient solutions in liquids, beadlets and powder formsAnalytical testing from basic physical properties to sophisticated analyticsComprehensive regulatory expertise for all major marketsDivi’s Nutraceuticals production facilities operate under the highest quality standards. Our product forms are fully compliant with the current US and EU regulatory requirements for use in food, dietary supplements and animal feed. They benefit from a full documentation package.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use