High quality product formsTwo different types of vitamin A sources naturally exist in the diet:Provitamin A (or beta-carotene) is found in plant-based foods such as fruits and vegetable. It is converted by the body into useable vitamin A.Vitamin A itself is found in animal-based foods such as meat, fish and dairy foods. It can be included in dietary supplements as retinyl acetate or palmitate.Vitamin A may contribute to the maintenance of healthy skin, teeth, mucous membranes and skin. It also supports immunity and promotes good vision, especially in low light*.As an expert in the formulation of fat-soluble vitamins, Divi’s offers vitamin A forms suitable for different uses in supplements, but also for the fortification of a variety of foods.Our spray-dried powder and water soluble beadlets exhibit excellent uniformity and stability in dry and liquid applications.Our vitamin A forms are kosher/halal certified, gluten-free, non-GMO and do not contain ingredients of known allergenic potential. They are suitable for vegetarian and vegan diets.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldThanks to our formulation expertise, we offer vitamin A forms which can be used in a wide range of applications. These include, but are not limited to:Tablets
Hard-shell capsulesBreakfast cerealsYogurt
Milk
Milk powderCereal barsAt Divi’s Nutraceuticals, we listen to our customers and understand their needs. We offer versatile and personalized solutions to help them achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development. In addition to our extensive vitamin A portfolio, we can adapt our product formulations and solution concentrations to fit the individual needs of our customers.Product forms: spray-dried powder, microencapsulated beadlets* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Please contact us for a list of references and citations.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use