is part of the Informa Markets Division of Informa PLCThis site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 8860726.Oct. 23 - 27, 2023 | Expo Hall Oct. 25 & 26Mandalay Bay, Las Vegas, NVRegister for our Advanced Rates!Register before the show and save when purchasing your SupplySide West pass. Pricing increases on October 21st.Hotel booking is open for SupplySide West & Food ingredients North America 2023. Please be reminded that onPeak is the only hotel provider endorsed by SupplySide West. If you are contacted by other third-party companies via email or phone offering hotel assistance, please be aware they are not endorsed by our event. Entering into financial agreements with these companies can have costly consequences and are not protected by event management. To book a hotel, click here.SupplySide West & Food ingredients North America does not offer attendee email lists or sell attendee contact information due to our strict adherence to data protection and privacy laws. If you are contacted by third-party companies via email, phone, or fax, offering email lists, please be aware that the information they offer should be considered entirely suspect as we do not allow access to the contact information of show attendee registrants in any manner. To learn more, click here.Explore the entire SupplySide West & Food ingredients North America show floor through this 360° virtual tour. We'll take you from the Mandalay Bay doors throughout the expo hall floor so you can get a glimpse of what you will experience this October.Food ingredients North America
Food ingredients North America (FiNA) is co-located with SupplySide West. FiNA offers CPG food & beverage manufacturers a global range of ingredient suppliers and distributors to source ingredients and services.Education Sessions
These three-hour education sessions are designed to help you successfully develop effective product development and go-to-market strategies. Learn about market trends, clinical research, formulation considerations, regulatory changes, and much more.Supplier Presentation Theater
Discover new and innovative ingredient technologies by attending the Supplier Presentation Theater. These supplier-sponsored presentations are devoted to ingredient-and service-specific science, applications, formulation and marketing and are free to all attendees.First-Time Visitor Reception
The First-Time Visitor Reception welcomes new show visitors the evening before the show starts. This reception offers a fun and intimate setting for new participants to meet with industry rock stars, various members of the SupplySide team, show supporters, and other first-timers.GOED Omega-3 Resource Center
This resource center showcases the best of the long-chain omega-3 market. Discover omega-3 suppliers, interactive displays focused on key market issues, and opportunities to connect with omega-3 thought leaders.IPA Probiotics Resource Center
The International Probiotics Association delivers the latest info on the probiotics market at the Probiotics Resource Center. Gain insights on technology, regulatory updates, and consumer analysis and market trends.SupplySide West
SupplySide EastSupplySide Network 365
Natural Products Insider
Food & Beverage InsiderAbout Us
Contact UsCopyright © 2023. All rights reserved. Informa Markets, a trading division of Informa PLC.