Antioxidant power for a variety of applicationsLycopene, a member of the carotenoid family, occurs naturally in a number of fresh fruits and vegetables such as tomatoes, watermelon, pink grapefruit and papaya.It is an oil soluble red pigment with demonstrated strong antioxidant properties. As a powerful antioxidant, lycopene is thought to protect the body from harmful free radicals*.Lycopene can also be used as a food colorant, helping food manufacturers in their transition to clean labels**.As an expert in the formulation of carotenoids, Divi’s offers a wide range of lycopene forms for supplements, but also for fortification and coloration of a variety of foods and beverages.Divi’s lycopene microencapsulated, directly compressible beadlets and suspensions exhibit excellent performance in applications:Excellent uniformitySuperior stability in both liquid and dry applicationsConsistent color shade in food preparationsBeadlets for easy handling and direct compressibilityPlease fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldTo help our customers target consumer demand for additive-free food and beverages, our range also includes silicon dioxide-free product forms.To answer increasing consumers’ concern about the potential safety issues of nanoparticles on health, we developed product forms which are nanoparticle free. Our state-of-the-art technical capabilities enable us to produce spray-dried products without addition of silicon dioxide. These products show similar flowability performance and characteristics to conventional spray-dried products.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldDivi’s lycopene portfolio includes different concentrations and formulations which can be used in a large range of supplements, foods and beverages.Tablets
Hard-shell capsules
Softgels
GummiesFruit juices
Vegetable juices
SmoothiesYogurtFondantIce creamGummies
Jelly beans
TwizzlersSausagesVegan sausagesAt Divi’s Nutraceuticals, we listen to our customers and understand their needs. We offer versatile and personalized solutions to help them achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development. In addition to our extensive lycopene portfolio, we can adapt our product formulations and solution concentrations to fit the individual needs of our customers.Product forms: spray-dried powder, microencapsulated beadlets and liquid suspensionsMatrix (or carrier) variation supports specific application functions: water or oil dispersibility, use in dry blends* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Please contact us for a list of references and citations.** Lycopene is permitted for food use in the EU as a color or nutritional ingredient. Lycopene can only be used as a nutritional ingredient in the USA.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use