Divi’s Laboratories Ltd. (1-72/23(P)/DIVIS/303, Divi Towers, Cyber Hills, Gachibowli, HYDERABAD – 500 032, Telangana, India) recognizes the importance of maintaining the privacy of your personal and financial information.We are committed to privacy practices that protect the confidentiality and security of this information. Our information practices for personal and financial information you enter or that we collect exclusively through your use of this website are set forth below. Divi’s Laboratories Ltd. does not collect, store or use any such information that is obtained through this website, except as described below.Information We CollectIf you visit our site to read or download information, we collect and store: the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet (such as aol.com); the Internet protocol address of the host server you are using (such as ww3.aol.com); the name and version of your Web browser (such as Netscape 4.0); the date and time you access our site; and, if you came to us through a link from some other website, the Internet address of the website from which you linked to us. We do not collect your name or email address unless you actively provide it to us (see below, “Information You Provide”). No information we collect in this way is directly or indirectly traceable back to a specific person.We use this information for general statistical modeling, in order to measure the number of visitors to different pages on our site and to modify the site in order to make the site more helpful. We also use this information to monitor network traffic and to identify unauthorized access or unusual activity on the site. We do not sell this information to third party companies.Some parts of the site may use a “cookie,” which is a small text file that is placed on your computer’s hard drive. The cookie captures no personally identifiable information. The site may use a cookie in order to log which pages you visit on the site or to provide certain features during your visit to the site. You can set your browser to refuse to accept cookies; however, some enhancement features of this and other sites may not function properly if you do this.ChildrenDivi’s Laboratories Ltd. website is not intended for use of peoples age sixteen (16) and under.  Divi’s Laboratories Ltd. will not, knowingly allow any persons in violation of this restriction to use the site.Information You ProvideIf you send us an email or message and provide your name or other personal or financial information, we may keep and use this information to send an answer to your question or deliver requested information to you. We also may use information that you provide to measure general statistics about visits to our site and interest in particular areas. We do not sell this information to third party companies. By sending an email or making a request or inquiry, you agree to permit Divi’s Laboratories Ltd. to keep and use the information you have given us consistent with this policy.If you enter information in an online form to register as a Divi’s Laboratories Ltd. business customer or as a user of other business tools, we may keep this information. We may use the business information that you provide in the registration in order to verify your eligibility to use the site or business tool that you wish to use, or to provide you access to the service. Information that you provide in this manner also may be used to measure general statistics about visits to our site and interest in particular areas. We do not sell the information you provide in this manner to third party companies. Except as described in this paragraph and in the following paragraph, this website privacy policy statement does not apply to information provided to us by business entities, even if the information is transmitted to us through this website.Right to access / rectification / objectAt any time you have the right to request access and/or rectification and/or deletion of personal information collected by Divi’s Laboratories Ltd. if said data is incorrect or irrelevant for the stated purposes. Please make these requests via e-mail. You may object to the use of your personal information for marketing purposes at any time.SecurityDivi’s Laboratories Ltd. has adopted policies and practices designed to protect the security and confidentiality of consumer information, to protect against anticipated threats and hazards to security and integrity of the information and to protect against unauthorized access to or use of the information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience. Divi’s Laboratories Ltd. uses a variety of security measures to protect the transmission of information submitted to us through this website.Changes to This Privacy StatementWe reserve the right to revise or change this policy in the future. Any changes to our policy will be clearly and conspicuously posted on this section of our site.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use