Divi’s extensive D2 and D3 portfolio for a variety of applicationsThere are multiple benefits of vitamin D. In addition to its importance for immunity, it plays an active role in bone health and helps in the absorption of calcium and phosphorus. It is also essential for muscle and cognitive functions as well as for cell division and healthy teeth*. Vitamin D health benefits attract increasing consumers’ interest and the market is expected to continue to grow rapidly over the next years.Vitamin D3, or cholecalciferol, is the form which is naturally synthesized in the body after exposure to UV rays.Given the importance of vitamin D, the FDA requires vitamin D content on all nutrition fact labels since the beginning of 2021.To help its customers answer the current and future increasing demand for vitamin D supplementation and fortification, Divi’s Nutraceuticals offers a comprehensive and unique portfolio of vitamin D2 and D3:Vitamin D2 is obtained by UV radiation from a yeast sterol. Its plant origin makes it particularly suitable for vegan diets.Vitamin D3 is produced from the lanolin present in the wool of sheep. Most of the supplements and fortified foods contain vitamin D3.As an expert in the formulation of fat-soluble vitamins, Divi’s developed a broad range of vitamin D forms suitable for different uses. Our spray-dried powders, microencapsulated beadlets, mini beadlets and oil solutions present excellent uniformity and stability in both liquid and dry applications.Most of our vitamin D forms are Kosher/Halal certified, gluten-free, non-GMO and do not contain ingredients of known allergenic potential.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldDivi’s uses an exclusive microencapsulation process to produce Mini-Beads, which are about 30% finer than regular beadlets for superior uniformity in fine powders like premixes.For all fine powders where uniformity is a key performance parameter, we use a new cutting-edge technology to make unique mini beadlets. Our Mini-Beads provide excellent stability and grant excellent uniformity in a range of applications.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldConsumer demand continues to evolve towards products containing as few additives as possible. In order to help our customers meet this need, we have developed high quality ingredients formulated with less additives. Our various Novel Application product formulations can be used either in supplements or to fortify and color a variety of liquid and dry foods and beverages.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldIn order to help our customers meet consumer demand for less additives, Divi’s offers product forms that are formulated with healthy oils and contain no sugar, no synthetic antioxidants and no silicon dioxide.To help our customers target consumer demand for additive-free supplements, food and beverages, our range also includes silicon dioxide-free product forms.To answer increasing consumers’ concern about the potential safety issues of nanoparticles on health, we developed product forms which are nanoparticle free. Our state-of-the-art technical capabilities enable us to produce spray-dried products without addition of silicon dioxide. These products show similar flowability performance and characteristics to conventional spray-dried products.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldVitamin D3 500 SD is a spray-dried powder providing 500,000 IU per g. It is easy to handle and exhibits excellent flowability. Our technology ensures constant particle size distribution and an optimized concentration, resulting in excellent content uniformity in applications such as premixes. Vitamin D3 500 SD benefits from a reliable supply thanks to a state-of-the-art plant in Germany.High potency resulting in smaller tablets and capsulesExcellent stability in applications: no need to add high overdosage to guarantee the label claimSuitable for direct compression of chewable and coated tabletsFully dispersible in water, fruit juices, milk and other liquidsAs an expert in the formulation of carotenoids, Divi’s offers a wide range of vitamin D product forms for supplements, but also for fortification and coloration of a variety of foods and beverages.Tablets
Effervescent tablets
Powders
Hard-shell capsules
Softgels
Drops and oral liquidsMilk
Yogurt
CheeseBreadBreakfast cerealsJuices
Clear beveragesAt Divi’s Nutraceuticals, we listen to our customers and understand their needs. We offer versatile and personalized solutions to help them achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development. In addition to our extensive vitamin D portfolio, we can adapt our product formulations and solution concentrations to fit the individual needs of our customers.Vitamin D2 (Ergocalciferol) is sourced from yeastVegan vitamin D sourceProduct forms: spray-dried powders, mini beadlets and oil solutionsVitamin D3 (Cholecalciferol) is sourced from lanolin (sheep’s wool)Product forms: spray-dried powders, microencapsulated beadlets, mini beadlets and oil solutions* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Please contact us for a list of references and citations.View all newsDivis Nutraceuticals2022-12-05T15:26:58+00:00October 21, 2021|Consumer awareness for the numerous, well-documented health benefits of [...]Divis Nutraceuticals2022-12-05T15:27:20+00:00April 28, 2021|The health crisis has highlighted the importance of having [...]Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use