Quality formulations for demanding applicationsVitamin E is the collective name for a group of fat-soluble compounds with strong antioxidant properties. In nature, vitamin E is found in whole grains, nuts, seeds, vegetable oils and green leafy vegetables.As a powerful antioxidant, vitamin E contributes to the protection of cells from oxidative damages caused by free radicals and can help balance cholesterol levels. It is also important for maintaining a healthy immune function. Studies have shown that large doses of vitamin E, antioxidants and minerals can slow the rate of vision loss for individuals with AMD, Age-Related Macular Degeneration*.Thanks to its expertise in the formulation of fat-soluble vitamins, Divi’s offers vitamin E forms suitable for different uses in supplements, but also for the fortification of a variety of foods and beverages.Our spray-dried powder and quick dispersible beadlets exhibit excellent uniformity and stability in dry and liquid applications.Our vitamin E forms are Kosher/Halal certified, gluten-free, non-GMO and do not contain ingredients of known allergenic potential. They are suitable for vegetarian and vegan diets.Please fill out the formular. You will receive an email with a link to download the brochure.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldDrinks and powdered foods packaged in sticks, dispersion caps and powder cans are gaining increasing interest from consumers. Our unique VitaQuik Vitamin E beadlets are designed to enhance the rapidity of the cold water dispersion of fortified powder beverages and foods.Fortified powdered beverages packaged in sticks, dispersion caps and powder cans are gaining increasing interest from consumers.Using a unique technology, Divi’s has developed CaroQuik and VitaQuik beadlets for quick dispersion of fortified powdered beverages in cold water.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldTo answer increasing consumers’ concern about the potential safety issues of nanoparticles on health, we developed product forms which are nanoparticle free. Our state-of-the-art technical capabilities enable us to produce spray-dried products without addition of silicon dioxide. These products show similar flowability performance and characteristics to conventional spray-dried products.Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statements
Divi‘s Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Statement.* Mandatory fieldTo help our customers target consumer demand for additive-free supplements, food and beverages, our range also includes silicon dioxide-free product forms.The Divi’s vitamin E range includes different concentrations and formulations which can be used in a wide variety of supplements, foods and beverages.Tablets
Hard-shell capsulesFruit juices
Instant powder drinks
Energy drinksBreakfast cerealsYogurt
Milk
Milk powderCereal barsAt Divi’s Nutraceuticals, we listen to our customers and understand their needs. We offer versatile and personalized solutions to help them achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development. In addition to our extensive vitamin E portfolio, we can adapt our product formulations and solution concentrations to fit the individual needs of our customers.Active ingredient: dl-alpha-tocopheryl acetateProduct forms: quickly dispersible microencapsulated beadlets, spray-dried silicon dioxide-free powder* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Please contact us for a list of references and citations.Product quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use