Astaxanthin is a naturally occurring oil-soluble red carotenoid pigment found primarily in aquatic animals. The oleoresin is used in both human nutrition applications and animal feed.In the field of aquaculture, astaxanthin plays an important role in enhancing the pink flesh color of farmed salmon, making it more attractive to consumers. Astaxanthin also provides increased growth and survival, increased ovary development, fertilization, hatching and larval development in salmon and other farmed fishes. In shrimp, it can increase growth and immune response.Divi’s is the world’s leading manufacturer of feed-grade astaxanthin.Divi’s offers astaxanthin as beadlets and suspensions in a range of concentrations to meet varied application requirements. Our microencapsulation technology provides extrusion stable beadlets and ensures that the astaxanthin is bioavailable for pigmentation.Depending on the market in which you want to sell your products, consumer perception and expectations in terms of color will vary greatly. By using our astaxanthin and canthaxanthin products, you will be able to achieve any requested color, from light to dark salmon pink.This website does not guarantee an exact rendering of colors with respect to the final product. Please contact us for an accurate color reference.Astaxanthin is an essential nutrient for salmon and trout to stay healthy and disease free. Fishes are unable to synthesize astaxanthin on their own, which means they require it through dietary intake. In the wild, salmonids consume algae, yeasts and bacteria that contain astaxanthin. In aquaculture farms, astaxanthin is provided through feed fortification.In shrimps, astaxanthin is responsible for the orange-red color after cooking.Astaxanthin is a red pigment that belongs to a group of chemicals called carotenoids. In raw shrimp, astaxanthin forms a complex with proteins, called crustacyanin. This gives a blueish-grey color to the raw shrimp.As soon as shrimps are put in boiling water, their protein wrapping uncoils because these protein chains are not heat stable. This leads to the uncovering of astaxanthin molecules, which results in an orange-red color.Many factors influence the pigmentation and final color of fish flesh:Astaxanthin addition levelsStability of astaxanthin beadletsExtrusion conditions (T, p, t, pellet size)Feed composition (omega-3 oils, blood meal)Antioxidants in feed (BHT, EMQ, …)Environmental impact (water temperature, sunlight, etc.)Fish healthDivi’s is conducting experiments in collaboration with the CRIA (Center for Research and Innovation in Aquaculture) in order to measure these various parameters and collect data ranging from the health of the fish to the final color.Contact our experts for more information.At Divi’s Nutraceuticals, we listen to our customers and understand their needs. We offer versatile and personalized solutions to help them achieve their objectives in terms of innovation and product development. In addition to our extensive astaxanthin portfolio, we can adapt our product formulations and solution concentrations to fit the individual needs of our customers.Active ingredient: nature-identical (synthetic) astaxanthinProduct forms: water-soluble microencapsulated beadlets, suspensionProduct quality, technical innovation and personalized services are the hallmarks of Divi’s Nutraceuticals.FOLLOW USDivi’s Laboratories Limited+ 91 (40) 6696 6300 marketing@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories (USA) Inc. +1 (973) 993 1060 usmail@divisnutra.comDivi’s Laboratories Europe AG +41 61 361 6767 eumail@divisnutra.comThe regulatory requirements for food, food/dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, pet food and feed products vary greatly around the globe. As a raw material supplier, Divi’s Laboratories does not take any responsibility for the regulatory compliance of finished products in individual markets. This obligation rests exclusively with the company producing and/or placing on the market the final product formulation and the respective local regulatory authorities. The data contained herein are based on our current knowledge and experience. This does not relieve the company producing and/or placing a product on the market from carrying out their own investigations and tests. The data neither guarantees certain properties nor the suitability of the product for a specific purpose. It may change without prior notification and is not to be considered as part of our terms and conditions of sale. This B2B website is not intended for the final consumer.© Copyright 2023 by Divi's Nutraceuticals - All rights reserved. | Swiss made by toweb GmbHPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use