
Menu




Close menuBack to HomeIf you live in England and are aged 18 or over, you can access NHS talking therapies services for anxiety and depression.A GP can refer you, or you can refer yourself directly without a referral.NHS talking therapies services offer:The problems that talking therapies services can treat include:You need to be registered with a GP to get talking therapies on the NHS.If you're not registered with a GP, read about how to register with a GP surgery.© Crown copyright
4.5In the Mental Health Services categoryVisit this website649 total5-star84%4-star10%3-star2%2-star<1%1-star3%FilterMost relevantWas a really relaxed and accessible way to get some support. Felt lighter after my first appointment and there wasn’t the pressure of having to speak to someone or see someone, I was able to take my time and type what I wanted to say which I found helped me express myself more easily. Really accessible and easy to navigate around the website.Date of experience: 12 September 2023Only just started my journey, hence the 4 stars. The gentleman I am talking to is very patient, calm and easy to talk to.The service was easy to apply to and I was kept informed the whole way, from the beginning, on what would happen and my choices.Definitely recommend.Date of experience: 12 September 2023It took me sometime to approach ieso for help but I’m glad I did. I found it strange at first but after the first couple of seasons I settled and found cbt very helpful if you or a family member needs help give them agoDate of experience: 30 August 2023I just spoke to the person for the first time and felt vey comfortable.Date of experience: 12 September 2023Efficient service, conducted professionally, l would recommend if you need to get clarity and talk to someone who will listen and suggest helpful tipsDate of experience: 07 September 2023I recommend it to anyone who has anxiety and stress problems. Thanks to my therapist Marie, I was able to manage the anxiety symptoms that prevented me from living a normal life. My therapist gave me the necessary tools to face all the symptoms, lose my fear of them and regain the confidence in myself that I had lost after 3 years of fighting this mental illness.Date of experience: 31 August 2023Reply from iesoHi Eva, Thank you so much for writing this incredible review, it is great to hear how much your therapist and ieso helped you get over your fears!I wish you all the very best for the future!Lana - iesoMy anxiety had reached a level where I was suffering everyday and it was affecting my everyday life. I decided I needed some help and ieso came up on my Facebook as a sponsored ad so I decided to refer myself. It was so easy to open up about my struggles using the text based sessions. After 8 weeks I’m in a much better place and have been left with the tools I need to ensure I don’t end up in the same place I was before. However, the doors are always open if I need any further help in the future. I highly recommend.Date of experience: 17 August 2023Reply from iesoHi Chantelle, Thank you so much writing this wonderful review. I am so glad ieso was able to help in the way you needed it to and that we have left you with the tools and confidence to conquer things in the future! It is also amazing to hear you would recommend us!I wish you all the best for the future!Lana - iesoI was referred to this service via my GP for a health anxiety issue. It didn’t take long to be referred at all. I originally did not realise that it was an online therapy which I have to be honest I was apprehensive about but I thought I would give it a go and found it very Useful. I was being treated through the CBT approach initially but when the therapist realised this wasn’t the most effective therapy for me she suggested ACT which means acceptance and commitment therapy.It took a good few sessions of this learning and self-help before it finally dawned on me that I had grasped the concept and once I had it all made sense and I now use it on a daily basis to manage my anxieties.The therapist was very understanding and patient but also very encouraging. The useful thing about having therapy online is that all of the conversation is available to review at any time and can be referred to If needed.I was advised at the end of the session is that if I had a relapse and require the services again that I just need to reapply through my GP which was of a comfort to me.Date of experience: 01 September 2023Reply from iesoHi Joanna,Thank you for taking the time to write this lovely review. It is great to hear of your experience with ieso and how it has helped you manage your anxieties.I wish you all the very best for the future.Lana - iesoWhere do you start... my first therapist got my name wrong multiple times and my second one constantly made spelling mistakes as if they just got out of bed.She had zero initiative in guiding the sessions, my second therapist in particular seemed fixated on pushing certain answers out of me, it all felt like you were going through the motions. Simply to tick boxes that satisfy them so that they can reach their quota, rather than genuinely help you.It honestly feels like you're talking to people fresh out of school who are simply unprepared to have any meaningful conversation on the topic you sign up for. Either that, or they're just too jaded to care about their profession. I felt like I could have done a better job than my second therapist. We're told they're qualified and accredited CBT therapists but they certainly don't feel like it.It's clear they copy and paste things too in the way they respond. They're too lazy to give you a genuine 1 on 1 session and treat you like a human, instead you're just seen as another number.One hour is also not enough time for these sessions, I don't know who green-lit the idea that it would be enough but it isn't, at least not for any genuine conversation.The homework they give needs improvement too, they'll tell you to fill it out without explaining it properly, then they'll provide documents maybe 1 or 2 days later formatted in a way where you can barely write anything.I wouldn't recommend IESO to anyone and its worrying that this is the first option suggested for mental health in my area.Date of experience: 01 September 2023Reply from iesoHi James, Thank you for getting in touch with your feedback, I am very sorry to hear about your experience with ieso.We value all feedback and would like to understand a bit more about what happened in your case so we can make necessary improvements, therefore, please do email our Complaints Department, complaints@iesohealth.com, who would be happy to look into this for you.I wish you all the very best for the future.Lana - iesoI was listened to, supported and guided by a professional, empathic and non judgemental therapist. I was not rushed or pushed into doing things I was not ready for e.g activities. I slowly managed to gain some self confidence and self worth which I am still working on. I am now able to slowly move forward after the trauma that took me to utilise this service.Date of experience: 30 June 2023Reply from iesoHi Gail, Thank you for writing us this review, it is greatly appreciated. I'm so glad to hear that you felt supported by your therapist, and that your therapy was tailored to your individual needs. We wish you all the best, Sophie, iesoThe main thing I loved about it is that you type, so you don’t have to speak to anyone when talking about emotional experiences. There are also no awkward silences- just typing and thinking. The support I received was really great, a really great therapist who helped me overcome my issues. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for cbt.Date of experience: 15 July 2023Reply from iesoHello, Thank you for writing this lovely review. It's wonderful to hear that you found the typed format of therapy so helpful and that you were supported in overcoming your issues. We wish you all the best going forwards. Sophie, iesoAfter much thought and realising I needed help I requested therapy through NHS and this led me to IESO. Ron Hogg, My therapist, was very considerate and really helpful in aligning my mindset using various techniques.Date of experience: 11 July 2023Reply from iesoHi Antony,Thank you for taking the time to write this wonderful review.We are delighted to hear that you had a positive experience with ieso and that you are able to use the techniques shown within your sessions to help you moving forwards.I wish you all the very best for the future.Lana - iesoThe therapist quickly got to the heart of my problem and helped move our discussions into the relevant areas. At the end, I felt better able to cope with the problems I have been experiencing.Date of experience: 03 August 2023Reply from iesoHi David,Thank you for taking the time to leave us this review.We are thrilled to hear of your positive experience and that your therapist was able to help you.We wish you all the very best for the future!Lana - iesoI'm amazed at the positive reviews of this company - my experience was almost entirely negative. Both of my therapists were poor, but the second one was completely appalling - appointments weren't put in until the last minute, meaning that I didn't have much time to complete the 9 questionnaires that I had to do before each session, she randomly sent parts of messages in capital letters, she asked me the same questions multiple times about the same topic (I assumed she forgot was discussed from one session to the next) so I just had to keep repeating myself, if I was talking about something she would cut me off and talk about something totally different, and in general she just had absolutely no idea what I was going through or how she could help me. The first one kept saying, "it sounds like you have a lot on, are you sure now is the right time for therapy?". Surely everyone going through therapy has a lot on? The typing doesn't work either - there is too much of a delay and responses took ages to come through - a lot longer than you would think it would take to type a message. It made me wonder whether they were doing something else at the same time. I've had 6 therapists now and this was my worst experience.Date of experience: 28 August 2023Reply from iesoHi Alexandra,Thank you for this review. I am extremely sorry to hear about your experience at ieso.We value all feedback and would like to understand a bit more about what happened in your case so we can make necessary improvements, therefore, please do email our Complaints Department, complaints@iesohealth.com, who would be happy to look into this for you.I wish you all the very best for the future.Lana - iesoI found this service easily and quickly accessible when I was feeling particularly desperate. I was matched with a lovely wise and caring practitioner who I felt comfortable talking to immediately. I found that typing responses back and fourth was a brilliant way to conduct our therapy sessions. I have learnt such a lot and I feel that my life has truly changed for the better with our CBT sessions. My therapist always listened and responded with such thought, clarity and skill. She booked me in quickly and effortlessly for each session and gave me all the time and the tools that I required to heal by changing the way in which I responded to any negative and unhelpful thought patterns.  I would totally recommend this service and am very grateful to have had access to  it.Date of experience: 04 April 2023Reply from iesoHi Claire, Thank you for taking the time to write this review. It's wonderful to hear that your therapy with ieso has positively impacted your life and that you found the typed form of therapy so useful. We wish you all the best going forwards. Sophie, iesoApplied from a Facebook link and was appointed with a therapist within two weeks. Typed therapy is great if you have an anxiety about face to face or phone discussions. Brilliant interaction and professionalism helped me a lot. I’d recommend the service if you don’t feel able to reach out to friends or family.Date of experience: 08 June 2023Reply from iesoHi Graham, Thank you for taking the time to write this review. I'm glad that you found the typed format of therapy useful and that your time with your therapist was helpful to you. We wish you all the best, Sophie, iesoHad excellent therapy provided by Ben Chapman the best one so far in my life. He has given me the tools to deal with my problems and the professional advice for the present and future issues. I had counselling many times under both NHS and private, but it never proved so helpful. I don't know whether I was not ready to benefit from the counseling in the past or the counseling was not given in the helpful way, may be both. Thank you IESO for the online platform, it is very easy to have online counselling while sitting comfortably at home. Thank you NHS for supporting mental health in the community.Date of experience: 28 March 2023Reply from iesoHi ArshThank you for taking the time to leave us such a positive review. I am delighted to hear about the experience you had with your therapist and what a positive impact they, and our service, made on you. I will pass over your thanks to your therapist. I wish you all the very best for the future. Emma - ieso.This form of therapy may not sound attractive to some but in my experience Ieso was a great way for me to access therapy from my own home. It helped me to become my own therapist, following a course of CBT sessions. The difference in my mental health at the end of the sessions was massive. I would highly recommend to anybody who is looking to work on changing negative thought patterns and personal beliefs for the better.Date of experience: 23 May 2023Reply from iesoHi Claire, Thank you for this review. It's fantastic to hear that your course of CBT with ieso has helped improve your mental health so much and that you would recommend our service to others. We wish you all the best for the future. Sophie, iesoAlways listening and responding to my concerns. the appointments were convenient and the system is easy to use. Very friendly staff and helpful with information to use and refer back to.Date of experience: 16 June 2023Reply from iesoHello, Thank you for taking the time to write this review. It's great to hear that you had a good experience with ieso and that you found our staff friendly and helpful. We wish you all the best. Sophie, iesoBrilliant advice and support when I needed it most. I would highly recommend this service, If you are willing to put in effort yourself to practice what you learn using cbt techniques -  you will be rewarded with a better understanding of how your thoughts impact your behaviours and emotions. Realising that changing small behaviours can make huge differences is very encouraging. I would recommend this service highly.Date of experience: 08 June 2023Reply from iesoHi June, Thank you for writing this review. It's wonderful to hear that you highly recommend ieso to others. We hope that you found the therapy useful and wish you all the best going forwards. Best wishes,Sophie, iesoInformation written by the companyDr Julian261ClaimedBetterHelp6,458ClaimedClinical Partners1,146Asking for reviewsSuggested companies are based on people’s browsing tendencies.Anyone can write a Trustpilot review. People who write reviews have ownership to edit or delete them at any time, and they’ll be displayed as long as an account is active.Companies can ask for reviews via automatic invitations. Labeled Verified, they’re about genuine experiences.Learn more about other kinds of reviews.We use dedicated people and clever technology to safeguard our platform. Find out how we combat fake reviews.Here are 8 tips for writing great reviews.Verification can help ensure real people write reviews about real companies.It goes against our guidelines to offer incentives for reviews. We also ensure all reviews are published without moderation.
Turning real-world clinical data into products that make mental healthcare more effective and accessible than ever before.ieso was established in the UK in 2000 by two psychologists passionate about using technology to create a world where everyone has access to effective mental healthcare. Since then, we’ve treated over 120,000 patients and built the world’s largest outcomes-indexed mental health dataset. We’re expert clinicians, scientists, and digital technologists blending data science and deep clinical expertise to create scalable, effective, and highly personalised digital mental health products.Our digital products are one-to-one programs available wherever, whenever, and at whichever stage of a person’s mental health journey. Data from the resulting interactions are securely collected and stored. Relevant deidentified data is then available to our clinical scientists and researchers, after applying requested opt-outs.We’ve collected data from over 650,000 hours of therapy sessions. We then use AI, machine learning and deep neural networks to recognise patterns in mental health conditions and treatment. For example, we’ve uncovered the need for more specificity in how we define mental health.This makes our treatments targeted and tailored, so they’re more likely to be effective and faster. And we’re committed to sharing our findings with the world by partnering with health systems, providers, and payers, and by publishing the highest quality academic research.Learn how ieso can easily integrate with your serviceSee our digital therapeutics product pipelineInterested to hear more about ieso? Get a demonstration of what we can do and how we can partner with you to transform mental health nowA globally unique outcomes-indexed mental health treatment dataset, in both quality and scale.Are you a health system, provider, or payer looking to improve access to mental healthcare, reduce treatment costs and help people get better, faster?‍Read our latest news, research and articles written by people shaping the future of mental healthcare.For this spotlight interview, we spoke to Arif Hussain about his role as Customer Success Manager.Nature Mental Health journal publishes research on health economics conducted by ieso, Dorset Healthcare University NHS Foundation and York Health Economics Consortium.Economic evaluation of 27,540 patients with mood and anxiety disorders and the importance of waiting time and clinical effectiveness in mental healthcareOur latest blog looks at how recognising a mental health issue early on and understanding why it might be happening means that we can put steps in place before it dramatically impacts your life.ieso AI Scientist Lily Battershill gives TED Talk at St. George's Edinburgh YouthProfessor Lucy Chappell visited ieso Digital Health headquarters in CambridgeWe are pleased to announce that we are collaborating with The University of Manchester to understand which subgroups of people with diabetes could benefit most from digital psychological therapy.For this year's UK Mental Health Awareness Week and as part of US Mental Health Awareness Month, our latest blog looks at ways you can support someone with feelings of anxiety.We spoke to Bethan Zalantai, ieso's US Care Operations Manager, for our latest spotlight interview.For our latest spotlight interview, we speak to Deborah Cleary about her role as Head of Payer Development at ieso.For World Health Day, take a look at how digital therapy can help provide Health For All.For our latest spotlight interview, we speak to Malika Bouazzaoui about her role as Clinical Development Lead.For our International Women’s Day spotlight interview, we speak to ieso’s Daniella Quinn about her role as a Clinical Scientist.ieso features in The New Yorker’s article on the use of AI in digital mental health treatment.Our Chief Operating Officers for the UK and US, Clare Hurley and Dr Jodi Prohofsky, sat down to talk about the similarities of the opportunities and challenges for the DTx industry in both countries.For this spotlight interview, we speak to Dr Clare Palmer about her role as Director of Evidence Generation.ieso’s Director of Mental Health Research, Dr Louise Marshall, welcomes the launch of Nature Mental Health journal by the Springer Nature Group.Dave Icke has joined the company as Executive Chair. Dave will lead day-to-day management of the company and chair the Board of Directors.Blue Monday is supposedly the most ‘depressing’ day of the year. Did you know Blue Monday was invented by a holiday company as a PR campaign to help sell holidays back in 2005? Find out more here.For many, the festive season is a chance to rest, spend time with family or friends, and to take a break from work. Here are some ways to manage the back to work anxiety, or 'Sunday Scaries'.In our latest expert article, Daniella Quinn and Dr Michael Ewbank explain how we’ve been analysing the way patients type and what it can tell us about how they engage with digital therapyWatch our Director of Mental Health Sciences Dr Louise Marshall’s presentation at MQ Mental Health Research Mental Health Science Festival 2022ieso has been selected as the Most Transformative Digital Healthcare Company at the 2022 OBN Awards, held at the Royal Lancaster in London.ieso’s Chief AI Officer, Dr Valentin Tablan was featured in IEEE Pulse magazine’s recent article on how AI is being used to improve mental health treatmentThe UK Department of International Trade (DIT) has selected ieso as one of the delegates to exhibit on the UK pavilion at HLTH 2022On International Stress Awareness Day, our latest blog looks at ways of supporting someone who's feeling stressedDid you know that as many as 1 in 4 people across 11 developed countries are struggling financially? In this blog, we look at how can financial stresses affect our mental health.Head of Payer Development at ieso, Deborah Cleary joined the UK Department for International Trade (DIT) last evening for the official launch of the Digital Health Playbook - 2023 Edition.We had a conversation with CBT Therapist Peter O’Brien, one of ieso's affiliate clinicians, who consistently achieves outstanding outcomes in his treatment, about his approach and advice.The theme of this year's World Mental Health Day is 'Make Mental Health & Wellbeing for All a Global Priority'. Find out how we're revolutionising how the world understands and treats mental health.ieso’s SVP Clinical Innovation, Jennifer Gentile, featured in MedCity News report on their INVEST Digital Health Conference in Dallas.ieso’s EVP Impact, Dr Andrew Welchman, recently featured in Behavioral Health Business’s article on his panel at Massachusetts General Hospital Psychiatry Academy Future of Mental Health Conference.In the first of The Team Spotlight series, we speak to Gamze Ekinci Ozkoca about her role as Test Team Lead within Engineering.ieso shortlisted for celebrated OBN Award for Most Transformative Digital Healthcare CompanyA ‘trigger’ is a stimulus that sets off an emotional response. Understanding why this response happens can help manage the effects of the trigger in the workplace.ieso’s Chief Scientific Officer, Dr Andy Blackwell, was featured in Health Tech World’s recently published article, showcasing 10 TED talks that transformed the health tech space.Learn directly from the experts in ieso's mental health tech podcast, 'Thinking Ahead'. In case you missed it, here is a recap of the latest episodes.ieso's Dr Ana Catarino named as one of Business Insider's 30 under 40 in Healthcare for 2022Over 4.9 million people were living with diabetes in the UK in 2021, according to Diabetes UK. In this blog, we share some CBT-based techniques to help the impact of a diabetes diagnosis.In our latest article, we look at the results and implications of our latest research study with Shaun Mehew and Jennifer Gentileieso’s Group Chief Science and Strategy Officer, Dr Andy Blackwell features in pharmaphorum's article “Beyond the pill in an outcome-based world”ieso features in Secure Futures magazine for their article "Could AI make mental health therapy more effective"ieso submits evidence to the UK Department of Health and Social Care to inform the Government’s 10-year Mental Health and Wellbeing PlanIf you have a colleague who is depressed, it’s natural to want to help them. It’s not always easy to know how best to do this though. Here are some expert tips from ieso clinicians.Our NHS Market Development Director Rachel Websdale and EVP Clinical Clare Hurley sat down to talk about what the partnership has achieved and where it will go next in our latest blog.LTC News have published a spotlight article on ieso’s latest study results. This comes a week after the announcement of ieso's research study, conducted with support from Roche Diabetes Care Limited.Dr Andrew Welchman, Executive Vice President for Impact at ieso, recently appeared on AI for Good’s Health Discovery series to explore how artificial intelligence can improve mental health.Patients who received ieso online cognitive behavioral therapy tailored for patients with Type 2 diabetes reported improvements in depression and anxiety, which resulted in better diabetes management.A new era of mental health science: Read part three of our three-part series ‘The Future of Mental Health Care’ieso join Self Space, Livi, Bloom and Woebot in the Stylist’s list of the best remote therapy services that are improving access for those seeking mental health supportWatch our Chief AI Officer Valentin Tablan's presentation at Applied Machine Learning Days 2022 ...Next generation digital therapy: Read part two of our three-part series 'The Future of Mental Health Care'ieso is very pleased to announce the appointment of Clare Hurley as EVP ClinicalWake-up and smell the AI: Read part one of our three-part series ‘The Future of Mental Health Care'Acknowledging research-driven innovation ensures the continuous improvement of healthcare in the UK and human health globally. Congratulations to this year’s Prix Galien UK winners...It’s Mental Health Awareness Week in the UK and the theme is loneliness. Here are some practical ways to address loneliness in your life...ieso shortlisted for prestigious Prix Galien UK Best Digital Health Solution awardThomas Insel, former director of the National Institute of Mental Health and author of 'Healing: Our Path from Mental Illness to Mental Health', explains why he is intrigued by what ieso is doingIt's World Health Day, and this year's theme, Our planet, our health, focuses on the connection between our environment and our wellbeing. Our latest blog explores how we can engage with nature...Our Director of Clinical Science, Dr Ana Catarino, explains how ieso and The University of Sheffield identified new depression subtypes in our latest expert articleFrom Real-World Data to next Generation Mental Healthcare: in this article, our Chief AI Officer Valentin Tablan summarises his talk at Applied Machine Learning Days 2022 for those who missed itieso were delighted to not only be support partners of the HSJ Partnership Awards ceremony but also shortlisted finalists for 'Best Mental Health Partnership with the NHS' with Dorset HealthCareieso is delighted to announce the appointment of Dr Louise Marshall as our Director of Mental Health SciencesThe impact quality sleep can have on our mental health is being highlighted on World Sleep Day (18 March 2022), which we explore further in our blog.ieso has joined the Digital Therapeutics Alliance (DTA), a non-profit association of industry leaders with a mission to drive awareness and adoption of digital therapiesInterested in how AI and data are being used today to improve patient outcomes for therapists treating mental health conditions? Tune in to our latest podcast to find out moreRachel Websdale has this month joined ieso from Push Doctor, where she was their Head of NHS accountsOn Time to Talk Day, we're encouraged to create supportive communities by talking openly about mental health. In this blog, we look at why it's important to share what's on our minds in the workplaceMeeting regulatory standards is not the only ingredient essential to the responsible innovation of AI-enabled hardware in the healthcare arena, as our Chief AI Officer reflectsWant to know how research into subtypes of depression and their responses to treatment is paving the way for an end to one-size-fits-all treatment for depression? Tune in to our latest podcastieso, in partnership with Dorset HealthCare University NHS Foundation Trust, have been shortlisted for “Best Mental Health Partnership with the NHS” at the HSJ Partnership Awards 2022Did you know that rapport and empathy aren’t key ingredients in effective CBT? Find out more in Does Therapy work? - the second episode of ieso’s mental health-tech podcast, Thinking Aheadieso spoke to MIT Technology Review to discuss how using AI to examine the language used by therapists could lead to more people feeling better and staying betterUK innovator closes Series B financing to develop AI-enabled, evidence-based digital therapeutics built on the world's largest mental health treatment data setieso's mood and symptom checker asks How Are Things? and creates an evidence-based report from a psychological wellbeing professional to give users a clearer picture of their mental healthListen in to the first episode of our new mental health tech podcast, Thinking Ahead. Hear from our CEO, Nigel Pitchford, about how we’re scaling and staying true to our social purpose.ieso reflects on the legacy of Dr Aaron Beck, the highly respected and pioneering neurologist who developed CBT treatment, who died this week at the age of 100ieso's Chief Science and Strategy Officer Dr Andy Blackwell joins the panel at Uppsala Health Summit to discuss “Innovative Strategies for Closing the Treatment Gap”The theme of this year’s World Mental Health Day (10th October) is ‘Mental health in an unequal world’Our ambition is to not only provide world-class therapy, it’s to transform mental healthcare around the worldieso, a leading provider of evidence-based, online cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) and innovator of ground-breaking research, features in The Economist’s latest review of mental healthcare programJeremy Cripps, a Chartered Psychologist and UK Clinical Lead at ieso, shares his lived experience of mental health. In an interview with Ian Florence, he delves deeper into his self-disclosureDr Andrew Welchman joins ieso today as our first Executive Vice President for Impact.ieso featured in Sifted’s review of mental health start-ups across Europe who are addressing the extra strain on people’s mental health caused by the pandemicieso announced June 29 that is has been granted a new patent by the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO).Read the full profile of 22 UK up-and-coming mental health and wellbeing start-ups...Five subtypes of depression have been identified in new research from the University of Sheffield and ieso.As part of Mental Health Awareness Week, ieso Chief Science and Strategy Officer Dr Andy Blackwell features on Tech Talks podcast, a show offering insight into the tech sector.Marie Claire have published a complete guide to online therapy: what it is, its benefits and some resources to help people get started on learning to challenge thoughts that may be causing distressieso, a leader in evidence-based cognitive behavioural therapy provisions and innovator of ground breaking research, is recognised in the Evening Standard's best therapy toolsNow, more than ever, technology and data science have an important and exciting role to play in helping people to live lives unhindered by mental health issues.ieso's Clinical Partnership Manager, Emily Marshall outlines five things to consider with lockdown restrictions lifting soon and coping mechanisms that may help if feeling anxious about this changeieso's new study has analysed the largest available set of digital mental health conversations in relation to Covid-19 over the past 12 months.Read what health care professionals and patient advocates think of How Are Things?, and where they see it fitting in the patient journey...Digital providers and experts from over 20 countries have gathered a staggering number of insights about mental health during the pandemic from potentially upwards of 50 million users worldwide.ieso responded to the House of Lords Covid-19 Committee’s call for evidence into the impact of digitalisation on the four key drivers of wellbeingieso has created safe, patient-centred technology that meets McKinsey's six interconnected building blocks to establish a scalable business in digital healthieso commissioned this research study, using a deep learning approach, to understand the relationship between patient language and outcomes in internet-enabled cognitive behavioural therapy.ieso, a leader in internet-enabled cognitive behavioural therapy, is pleased to announce we have been named as one of the top 19 mental health start-ups in EuropeThe much anticipated second wave of coronavirus cases was thought to bring with it a rise in mental health difficulties.