Questions: what is the name of the parent company?
Answer: [' Electrast Work?Electrast', ' Electrast Work?Electrast', ' Sonnest, Inc.', 'Sonnest', 'sonnest.com']
Questions: when was this company established?
Answer: ['Electrast™ is a contrast agent that activates with ultrasound and the heart’s local electric field if the heart tissue is perfused and viable.Liquid droplets of phase-change agent nested within the aqueous core of a charged phospholipid vesicleUltrasound selectively interacts with nested droplets that experience an electric fieldBetter data, faster. Cardiac perfusion data in point of care setting.No cath lab needed.', 'Electrast™ is a contrast agent that activates with ultrasound and the heart’s local electric field if the heart tissue is perfused and viable.Liquid droplets of phase-change agent nested within the aqueous core of a charged phospholipid vesicleUltrasound selectively interacts with nested droplets that experience an electric fieldBetter data, faster. Cardiac perfusion data in point of care setting.No cath lab needed.', ' 2015', '', ' Philadelphia, PA 19146']
Questions: Describe about this company.
Answer: [' Most cost-effective diagnosis without harmful radiation', ' Most cost-effective diagnosis without harmful radiation', ' the company’s Chief Scientific Officer and professor of Chemical Engineering at Drexel University, and Dr. Brett Angel, an electrophysiologist at Drexel. The team began experimenting to create a voltage-activated ultrasound contrast agent and secured a grant from the Drexel Coulter Foundation to support the initial development work. In 2019, the Drexel inventors partnered with a team of successful healthcare executives and entrepreneurs to form Sonnest, and to continue product development of and commercialization of Electrast™.Sonnest’s team combines extensive startup experience, business acumen and clinical expertise in the cardiology and electrophysiology.Josh has been an early stage medical technology business leader for the past 20 years. He has worked across various different therapeutic verticals including drug delivery, neuromodulation, pain management and cancer screening and detection. His latest position prior to joining Sonnest was in an operating partner role as COO of a Private Equity backed urgent care platform that he led to a successful exit to MedStar.Peter is a successful healthcare entrepreneur with a background in business, science and law.\xa0 He was a co-founding member of Harpoon Medical where he negotiated and managed all aspects of a complex structured financing and the subsequent acquisition by Edwards Lifesciences ($250M with $100M upfront), generating >100% IRR for all investors. Mr. Boyd also has extensive legal experience from working as an associate at Latham & Watkins in Silicon Valley where he represented a wide range of companies and VC’s on a variety of transactions including venture financings, joint ventures, licensing transactions and M&A deals.\xa0 He has a JD/MBA from the University of Virginia.Prof. Wrenn earned a BS in Chemical Engineering with honors from Virginia Tech in 1991 and a PhD in Chemical Engineering from the University of Delaware in 1999. Wrenn’s industrial experience includes one year with GE Plastics and three years with Zeneca, Inc. Wrenn is a tenured Full Professor at Drexel University, where his honors include an NSF CAREER Award and an Alexander von Humboldt Research Fellowship and where his research has been supported by NSF, NIH, the USDA, the Whitaker Foundation, and the Coulter Foundation, among others.Dr. Brett Angel is an invasive cardiologist board certified in Cardiac Electrophysiology. He is board certified in Internal Medicine, Cardiovascular Disease, and Echocardiography and is a Clinical Assistant Professor of Medicine at Drexel University. Dr. Angel is member of the Heart Rhythm Society and the American College of Cardiology with an M.D from the University of Witwatersrand in South Africa, international clinical experience in the United Kingdom and specialist medical training at Albert Einstein Medical Center and Drexel University in the United States.Dr. Andrew Kohut is a noninvasive cardiologist, board certified in cardiovascular disease, echocardiography and nuclear cardiology. He is a Clinical Associate Professor of Medicine at Penn Medicine Heart and Vascular Center, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania and is a member of the Alpha Omega Alpha Medical Honor Society.\xa0 Dr. Kohut has an MD from Drexel University, MPH from Boston University and BA from the University of Pennsylvania.Mr. Collins has a broad background in accounting, information systems, human resources, purchasing, manufacturing and customer service. He has 30 years of experience in the manufacturing environment including medical device, industrial and automotive industries. Half of those years was spent in the startup arena. He spent the last 5 years at Harpoon Medical / Edwards Life Science where he built a strong corporate foundation across multiple disciplines to support the company’s development and successful exit to Edwards. Prior to joining Harpoon Medical, Mr. Collins was a controller of Vapotherm and plant controller for a division of Emerson. Mr. Collins has a Bachelor’s degree from St. Mary’s College of Maryland and is a Certified Public Accountant.Michael is a scientist whose PhD thesis was focused around the technical aspects that govern Electrast™ and he is an inventor on the patent family disclosing voltage-activated diagnostic, therapeutic and/or “theranostic” constructs. He has won numerous awards in the US and abroad including the Koerner Family Fellowship, the GAANN Education Fellowship, the NSF Graduate International Research Experience Fellowship, and the Fulbright Open Research Fellowship. Mr. Cimorelli has a PhD from Drexel University and a BS in chemical engineering from Rowan University.Michael Flynn is an alumnus from the Wrenn Colloids Laboratory at Drexel University, where he completed his B.S. and M.S. in chemical engineering. During his time at Drexel and Sonnest, he has built expertise in colloidal structures, custom software, electronics systems, and acoustics. He is excited to work with Sonnest, Inc.’s team of talented academics, knowledgeable cardiologists, and experienced entrepreneurs to transform cardiac ultrasound', ' Voltage Activated Ultrasound Imaging Drug', 'info@sonnest.com3401 Grays Ferry Avenue, Philadelphia, PA 19146']
Questions: where is the global Headquater of this company?
Answer: [' point of care setting', ' point of care setting', ' United Kingdom', 'Sonnest', ' Philadelphia']
Questions: where is the geographical presence of this company?
Answer: [' local', ' local', ' Drexel University', 'Sonnest', ' Philadelphia']
Questions: who is the owner of this company?
Answer: ['Electrast™ is a contrast agent that activates with ultrasound and the heart’s local electric field if the heart tissue is perfused and viable.Liquid droplets of phase-change agent nested within the aqueous core of a charged phospholipid vesicleUltrasound selectively interacts with nested droplets that experience an electric fieldBetter data, faster. Cardiac perfusion data in point of care setting.No cath lab needed.', 'Electrast™ is a contrast agent that activates with ultrasound and the heart’s local electric field if the heart tissue is perfused and viable.Liquid droplets of phase-change agent nested within the aqueous core of a charged phospholipid vesicleUltrasound selectively interacts with nested droplets that experience an electric fieldBetter data, faster. Cardiac perfusion data in point of care setting.No cath lab needed.', 'Dr. Brett Angel', 'Sonnest', 'sonnest.com3401 Grays Ferry Avenue, Philadelphia']
Questions: what are the core business units of this company?
Answer: [' ultrasound and the heart’s local electric field if the heart tissue is perfused and viable.Liquid droplets of phase-change agent nested within the aqueous core of a charged phospholipid vesicleUltrasound', ' ultrasound and the heart’s local electric field if the heart tissue is perfused and viable.Liquid droplets of phase-change agent nested within the aqueous core of a charged phospholipid vesicleUltrasound', ' Internal Medicine, Cardiovascular Disease, and Echocardiography', ' Voltage Activated Ultrasound Imaging', '']
Questions: what is the total number of subsidiaries?
Answer: [' 5', ' 5', '', ' over $4', ' 19146']
Questions: what is the total number of employees?
Answer: [' 5', ' 5', '<s>what is the total number of employees?</s></s>The inspiration for Electrast™ began in 2015 through a collaboration between Dr. Wrenn, the company’s Chief Scientific Officer and professor of Chemical Engineering at Drexel University, and Dr. Brett Angel, an electrophysiologist at Drexel. The team began experimenting to create a voltage-activated ultrasound contrast agent and secured a grant from the Drexel Coulter Foundation to support the initial development work. In 2019, the Drexel inventors partnered with a team of successful healthcare executives and entrepreneurs to form Sonnest, and to continue product development of and commercialization of Electrast™.Sonnest’s team combines extensive startup experience, business acumen and clinical expertise in the cardiology and electrophysiology.Josh has been an early stage medical technology business leader for the past 20 years. He has worked across various different therapeutic verticals including drug delivery, neuromodulation, pain management and cancer screening and detection. His latest position prior to joining Sonnest was in an operating partner role as COO of a Private Equity backed urgent care platform that he led to a successful exit to MedStar.Peter is a successful healthcare entrepreneur with a background in business, science and law.\xa0 He was a co-founding member of Harpoon Medical where he negotiated and managed all aspects of a complex structured financing and the subsequent acquisition by Edwards Lifesciences ($250M with $100M upfront), generating >100% IRR for all investors. Mr. Boyd also has extensive legal experience from working as an associate at Latham & Watkins in Silicon Valley where he represented a wide range of companies and VC’s on a variety of transactions including venture financings, joint ventures, licensing transactions and M&A deals.\xa0 He has a JD/MBA from the University of Virginia.Prof. Wrenn earned a BS in Chemical Engineering with honors from Virginia Tech in 1991 and a PhD in Chemical Engineering from the University of Delaware in 1999. Wrenn’s industrial experience includes one year with GE Plastics and three years with Zeneca, Inc. Wrenn is a tenured Full Professor at Drexel University, where his honors include an NSF CAREER Award and an Alexander von Humboldt Research Fellowship and where his research has been supported by NSF, NIH, the USDA, the Whitaker Foundation, and the Coulter Foundation, among others.Dr. Brett Angel is an invasive cardiologist board certified in Cardiac Electrophysiology', ' over $4', ' 19146']
Questions: what is the total revenue of this company?
Answer: [' 5mL', ' 5mL', ' >100% IRR', ' over $4M', ' PA 19146']
Questions: what is the growth rate of this company?
Answer: ['Electrast™ is a contrast agent that activates with ultrasound and the heart’s local electric field if the heart tissue is perfused and viable.Liquid droplets of phase-change agent nested within the aqueous core of a charged phospholipid vesicleUltrasound selectively interacts with nested droplets that experience an electric fieldBetter data, faster. Cardiac perfusion data in point of care setting.No cath lab needed.', 'Electrast™ is a contrast agent that activates with ultrasound and the heart’s local electric field if the heart tissue is perfused and viable.Liquid droplets of phase-change agent nested within the aqueous core of a charged phospholipid vesicleUltrasound selectively interacts with nested droplets that experience an electric fieldBetter data, faster. Cardiac perfusion data in point of care setting.No cath lab needed.', '', '', ' 19146']
Questions: what is the operating profits of this company?
Answer: ['No cath lab needed.', 'No cath lab needed.', ' COO of a Private Equity backed urgent care platform that he led to a successful exit to MedStar.Peter is a successful healthcare entrepreneur with a background in business, science and law.\xa0 He was a co-founding member of Harpoon Medical where he negotiated and managed all aspects of a complex structured financing and the subsequent acquisition by Edwards Lifesciences ($250M with $100M upfront), generating >100% IRR for all investors. Mr. Boyd also has extensive legal experience from working as an associate at Latham & Watkins in Silicon Valley where he represented a wide range of companies and VC’s on a variety of transactions including venture financings, joint ventures, licensing transactions and M&A deals.\xa0 He has a JD/MBA from the University of Virginia.Prof. Wrenn earned a BS in Chemical Engineering with honors from Virginia Tech in 1991 and a PhD in Chemical Engineering from the University of Delaware in 1999. Wrenn’s industrial experience includes one year with GE Plastics and three years with Zeneca, Inc. Wrenn is a tenured Full Professor at Drexel University, where his honors include an NSF CAREER Award and an Alexander von Humboldt Research Fellowship and where his research has been supported by NSF, NIH, the USDA, the Whitaker Foundation, and the Coulter Foundation, among others.Dr. Brett Angel is an invasive cardiologist board certified in Cardiac Electrophysiology', ' over $4M', ' Philadelphia, PA 19146']
Questions: Revenue by Region of this company?
Answer: ['<s>', '<s>', ' Sonnest, Inc.', '', ' Philadelphia, PA']
Questions: what are the venture investments?
Answer: ['Liquid droplets of phase-change agent', 'Liquid droplets of phase-change agent', ' venture financings, joint ventures, licensing transactions and M&A deals.\xa0 He has a JD/MBA from the University of Virginia.Prof. Wrenn earned a BS in Chemical Engineering with honors from Virginia Tech in 1991 and a PhD in Chemical Engineering from the University of Delaware in 1999. Wrenn’s industrial experience includes one year with GE Plastics and three years with Zeneca, Inc. Wrenn is a tenured Full Professor at Drexel University, where his honors include an NSF CAREER Award and an Alexander von Humboldt Research Fellowship and where his research has been supported by NSF, NIH, the USDA, the Whitaker Foundation, and the Coulter Foundation, among others.Dr. Brett Angel is an invasive cardiologist board certified in Cardiac Electrophysiology', ' Series A Financing', '']
Questions: External ICT spend?
Answer: ['No cath lab needed', 'No cath lab needed', '<s>', ' Series A Financing', ' Philadelphia']
Questions: total marketing budget?
Answer: ['<s>', '<s>', '<s>', ' $4M', ' Philadelphia, PA 19146']
Questions: what is the R&D focus of this company?
Answer: [' Electrast Work?Electrast™ is a contrast agent that activates with ultrasound and the heart’s local electric field if the heart tissue is perfused and viable.Liquid droplets of phase-change agent nested within the aqueous core of a charged phospholipid vesicleUltrasound', ' Electrast Work?Electrast™ is a contrast agent that activates with ultrasound and the heart’s local electric field if the heart tissue is perfused and viable.Liquid droplets of phase-change agent nested within the aqueous core of a charged phospholipid vesicleUltrasound', ' Cardiac Electrophysiology', ' Voltage Activated Ultrasound Imaging Drug', 'info@sonnest.com3401 Grays Ferry Avenue, Philadelphia']
Questions: what is the R&D spend of this company?
Answer: ['No cath lab needed', 'No cath lab needed', ' Sonnest, Inc.', ' over $4M', ' Philadelphia, PA 19146']
Questions: total number of patents of this company?
Answer: ['', '', '', ' over', '146']
Questions: what is the vision of this company?
Answer: [' Improve patient care and outcomes confidently', ' Improve patient care and outcomes confidently', ' transform cardiac ultrasound', ' Voltage Activated Ultrasound Imaging Drug', '']
Questions: what are the strategic priorities?
Answer: ['Triage and treat. Improve patient care and outcomes confidently', 'Triage and treat. Improve patient care and outcomes confidently', ' Internal Medicine, Cardiovascular Disease, and Echocardiography', '', '']
Questions: who are the partners of this company?
Answer: [' ultrasound and the heart’s local electric field', ' ultrasound and the heart’s local electric field', ' Dr. Wrenn, the company’s Chief Scientific Officer and professor of Chemical Engineering at Drexel University, and Dr. Brett Angel, an electrophysiologist at Drexel. The team began experimenting to create a voltage-activated ultrasound contrast agent and secured a grant from the Drexel Coulter Foundation to support the initial development work. In 2019, the Drexel inventors partnered with a team of successful healthcare executives and entrepreneurs', '', 'info@sonnest.com3401 Grays Ferry Avenue, Philadelphia']
Questions: what is the ISO certification of this company?
Answer: ['Electrast', 'Electrast', ' Cardiac Electrophysiology', ' Voltage Activated Ultrasound Imaging Drug', 'sonnest.com3401 Grays Ferry Avenue, Philadelphia, PA 19146']
Questions: what are the past awards that has been awarded to this company?
Answer: [' Most cost-effective diagnosis without harmful radiation.Triage and treat. Improve patient care and outcomes confidently', ' Most cost-effective diagnosis without harmful radiation.Triage and treat. Improve patient care and outcomes confidently', ' NSF CAREER Award and an Alexander von Humboldt Research Fellowship', ' Series A Financing', '']
