
Please stand by, while we are checking your browser...Redirecting...Please enable Cookies and reload the page.RayID: 808944437b21988a
            
            IP: 202.166.198.84
Please stand by, while we are checking your browser...Redirecting...Please enable Cookies and reload the page.RayID: 8089444ae8d19884
            
            IP: 202.166.198.84
Built for EnterpriseA whole person whole organisation approachFor leadersWellbeing strategyUnmind InsightsUnmind ManagersUnmind ExecFor employeesThe right care at right timeUnmind ElevateUnmind TalkUnmind HelpBook a demoWant to see how it all works? Let us show youLeading with sciencePsychology powers our platformUnmind LabOur evidence and researchHow we talkLanguage shapes the way we see mental healthSleep studyCheck out the latest results from the Unmind Lab.Our impactHow we create change for the whole organisationOur clientsWe're proud to partner with the best in the businessCase studyRead about our partnership with EntainBlogEssential reading for People peopleResourcesRead, watch and learnPodcastsMental health chat with inspiring peopleChampions trainingGet it for free until the end of the year.About usWe're on a mission to create mentally healthy workplacesLearn more about usUnmind for GoodFree access to our platform for people who need itFor NHS staffWork with usJoin the Unmind team and help change the world of workCareersPartnershipsPractitionersTalk to usFind out more or get technical support from our teamBook a callSupportWant to see how it all works? Let us show youCheck out the latest results from the Unmind Lab.Read about our partnership with EntainFree training to help you champion wellbeing in your workplace.Get in touch with our team todayMay 4, 2023TABLE OF CONTENTSEntain plc is one of the biggest players in the betting and gaming industry, with a workforce of more than 25,000 people in 20 offices across five continents. A member of the FTSE 100, Entain’s brands have a combined heritage of a staggering 250 years.To deliver great customer experiences, Entain knew they had to first deliver great employee experiences. So in 2020, they partnered with Unmind to empower their international workforce to proactively nurture their mental health.Fast-forward to 2022, when Entain ran a global survey to assess their full wellbeing ecosystem. They discovered an eye-opening link between manager conversations and employee burnout. The more regular, open and authentic conversations people had with managers, the less people experienced burnout.The need for manager training, at scale, was clear. And so Entain entered the next chapter of their partnership with Unmind: the gaming giant rolled out our industry-leading Workplace of Tomorrow training course across their retail population.Stella Gavinho, Group Head of Wellbeing, who championed the initiative, explains: “We wanted to help managers nurture the right conversations and better support their teams, so giving them access to Unmind Managers was a no-brainer.”Unmind Managers is training done differently. It’s all about building cultural wellbeing rituals and equipping managers to have supportive conversations, giving practical support on topics that really matter –such as self-care, managing stress and anxiety, financial wellbeing and understanding neurodiversity.“It is very easy to say, ‘you should have more conversations’,” says Stella, “but you need to give people the skills and confidence to do that. You have to lay the foundations  on mental health and give everyone the same basic skills.”The results have been immediate and striking. The stats  speak for themselves.Managers also reported that they felt more able to spot when a colleague might be struggling with their mental health, more confident in their ability to nurture their team’s mental health, and better equipped to help a colleague  who needed it.Employees are reaping the rewards of a healthy Mental Health & Wellbeing culture. Managers have been giving  the training rave reviews. Thomas Brooks, Retail Learning Business Partner, said,  “It's fantastic to hear so much positive feedback for this training -  a massive win.”“We wanted our managers to have the basic skills to create that culture of psychological safety," says Stella, "Ultimately this leads to happier and better performing teams."“Managers need to start by focusing on their own mental health. No one can help other people if they’re not looking after themselves.”Leonie MoretonDEI Business Partner, MediacomHow Arup’s senior buy-in and internal comms drove a powerful shift in wellbeing culture with UnmindGreat minds don’t think alike: What we can learn from Silicon ValleyUnmind 2023 Summer ReleaseIntroducing Unmind HelpFrom the Unmind Lab: Tackling low mood and depressionSolutionsScienceClientsResources & eventsCompanyCopyright © 2023 | Unmind Inc | All rights reserved.
Built for EnterpriseA whole person whole organisation approachFor leadersWellbeing strategyUnmind InsightsUnmind ManagersUnmind ExecFor employeesThe right care at right timeUnmind ElevateUnmind TalkUnmind HelpBook a demoWant to see how it all works? Let us show youLeading with sciencePsychology powers our platformUnmind LabOur evidence and researchHow we talkLanguage shapes the way we see mental healthSleep studyCheck out the latest results from the Unmind Lab.Our impactHow we create change for the whole organisationOur clientsWe're proud to partner with the best in the businessCase studyRead about our partnership with EntainBlogEssential reading for People peopleResourcesRead, watch and learnPodcastsMental health chat with inspiring peopleChampions trainingGet it for free until the end of the year.About usWe're on a mission to create mentally healthy workplacesLearn more about usUnmind for GoodFree access to our platform for people who need itFor NHS staffWork with usJoin the Unmind team and help change the world of workCareersPartnershipsPractitionersTalk to usFind out more or get technical support from our teamBook a callSupportWant to see how it all works? Let us show youCheck out the latest results from the Unmind Lab.Read about our partnership with EntainFree training to help you champion wellbeing in your workplace.Get in touch with our team todaySam Musguin-RoweWriterTABLE OF CONTENTSJoining Orlando Magic and Wolverhampton Wanderers as an Unmind elite sport partner, Major League Baseball’s commitment to mental health is a literal game-changer. Here’s why.It’s a beautiful day for the ball game. Major League Baseball is launching Unmind.In a world-first for elite baseball, from June MLB will provide 1,300 corporate staff, plus 7,000 umpires and Minor League players, with the tools they need to proactively measure, manage and improve their mental health and wellbeing.More than that, by becoming an Unmind partner, Earth’s oldest major professional sports league is now helping drive cultural change.Celebrating the partnership, MLB’s VP of Drug, Health and Safety Programs, Jon Coyles says: “The Unmind platform will allow us to respond to our overall high-level goal of reducing stigma throughout our industry and promoting positive mental wellbeing.“Even if you don't have a diagnosed condition or you're receiving treatment for something, general wellbeing is something that can help employees and baseball players alike.“Going forward, we're hopeful that by putting a greater focus on mental wellbeing, we'll have a more positive and psychologically safe workplace environment where we can really see playing personnel and non-playing personnel thrive and grow.”Matt Jackson, Unmind’s head of North America, adds: “It’s all science-backed and scientifically validated, but it just delivers content across the core measures of mental wellbeing in an accessible and destigmatized way.“An individual can measure their levels of happiness, calmness, coping, sleep, health, connection, fulfillment, and then there's content from bite-sized videos, exercises and micro-learning programs all centered around cognitive behavioral therapy, positive psychology, behavioral science and mindfulness.”As with many of Unmind’s super-sized partners, MLB has an existing wellbeing ecosystem (e.g. its own EAP, plus clubs’ in-house psychologists), but that’s no barrier here; the platform slots straight in.Meanwhile, Unmind is wide-ranging by nature, which proved key for MLB. Life is messy (maybe no more so than in pro spot), and individuals are individual. MLB was keen to look beyond one-off ‘solutions'. With Unmind, MLB players and staff can access the content they (as individuals) need, whenever – and wherever – it suits them.“That was a real top priority for us as we went through this exercise,” Jon says. “Unmind does a really good job of making it so you can specifically tailor it to your own needs and what you're looking to get out of this.“People are constantly moving, playing a lot of games, being on the road a lot, a lot of travel. [We wanted] something that is self-driven, something that can be used on your own time, and something that can be personalized and fit their own personal needs depending on how they're coming at this, everyone's different and we recognize that.”Perhaps most important about Unmind’s shiny MLB tie-in is what it means outside the organization. As empowering people to improve their wellbeing is simply the start – what we need is cultural change on a mass scale. And we’ll get there by first boosting understanding of mental health actually is.“For too long, mental health has been synonymous with ill mental health,” says Matt, “but the best thing about being a human being it's how you feel joy, how you grieve, how you solve complex problems. It's everything.“What we can do together with MLB is promote mental health awareness and support and provide that ongoing education training to players, employees and management leadership.”Matt adds: “It’s another piece in the in the puzzle of MLB’s strategy on supporting players and staff. It's approaching mental health from the personal perspective as well as the athlete’s perspective.“We all have mental health all the time; at Unmind, we have the belief that everybody has the right to a healthy mind, and part of that is destigmatizing mental health, which our tools and content help the organizations do and support individuals wherever they are and wherever they may be on that mental health and wellbeing journey.”Though MLB is Unmind’s first baseball partner, the organization joins the NBA’s Orlando Magic, and English Premier League team, Wolverhampton Wanderers.Want to help lead the change? Get in touch below.To find out more about how Unmind can help drive cultural change within your organization, book a chat with an Unminder today.“Managers need to start by focusing on their own mental health. No one can help other people if they’re not looking after themselves.”Leonie MoretonDEI Business Partner, MediacomHow Arup’s senior buy-in and internal comms drove a powerful shift in wellbeing culture with UnmindGreat minds don’t think alike: What we can learn from Silicon ValleyUnmind 2023 Summer ReleaseIntroducing Unmind HelpFrom the Unmind Lab: Tackling low mood and depressionSolutionsScienceClientsResources & eventsCompanyCopyright © 2023 | Unmind Inc | All rights reserved.
In 2023, we need to be impatient.Why? Because mental ill-health costs the global economy around one trillion US dollars. Every year. And because behind every number is a human tale. A friend facing addiction. A team spiralling into burnout. A workmate contemplating suicide.In this report, we surveyed 850 demographically diverse HR leaders at large companies around the world. Then turned their insights into nine, easy-to-understand trends, with actionable steps to help shape your wellbeing strategy – in 2023 and beyond.Get your copy today and learn:Don’t wait till 2024 to build a better future. Start now – fill out the form to download your handbook.First NameLast NameCompany NameWork EmailJob TitleRegion
EMEAAMERAPACHow did you hear about us?No. EmployeesIndustry
AgricultureConstructionConsultingEducationEnergy, Mining and ChemicalsEngineering and Environmental ServicesEntertainmentFinancial ServicesHealthcareHolding CompaniesHospitalityInsuranceLaw Firms & Legal ServicesManufacturingNot For ProfitOtherPharmaceuticalProfessional ServicesPublic SectorReal EstateRecreationRetailTransportationUtilitiesMedia and InternetSoftware and TechnologyAdditionally, would you like to schedule a call to learn how the Unmind platform can help your organisation?CommentsBy clicking GET THE HANDBOOK, I consent to Unmind sending me marketing communication via email. I may opt-out at any time. View Unmind's privacy policy.
Marcos Economides, Rhian Male, Heather Bolton, Kate Cavanagh,  Feasibility and preliminary efficacy of app-based audio tools to improve sleep health in working adults experiencing poor sleep: a multi-arm randomized pilot trial, Sleep, Volume 46, Issue 7, July 2023, zsad053, https://doi.org/10.1093/sleep/zsad053Many adults without a diagnosed sleep disorder report poor sleep. Recently, there has been a dramatic increase in the use of app-based audio tools to aid sleep by the general public, yet there is a paucity of evidence on whether such tools are efficacious. This study evaluated the feasibility and preliminary efficacy of two categories of audio tools, comprising music and narrated stories, featured on the Unmind app.We conducted an online, parallel, multi-arm, external pilot randomized controlled trial, with two intervention arms and a waitlist (WL) control group. Participants were working adults who were screened for poor sleep. Feasibility was assessed via objective and self-report measures. Preliminary efficacy was evaluated via self-report measures of sleep disturbance, work productivity, and other mental health outcomes, captured at baseline (t0) and following a 4-week intervention period (t1), and analyzed using mixed effects models with intention-to-treat principles.Three hundred participants were randomized, and 92% were retained at t1. 90.5% of participants completed at least one intervention session. 82.1% reported being “satisfied” or “very satisfied” with their intervention, and 84.3% rated their intervention as “good” or “excellent.” The between-group Hedges’ g effect size for sleep disturbance was 0.92 [0.63–1.22] and 1.09 [0.80–1.39] for the two interventions compared to the WL group.Both interventions are feasible and acceptable. Preliminary efficacy findings suggest that audio tools designed to aid sleep could have widespread financial and public health implications, and should be investigated in a definitive trial.International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN), 12614821, http://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN12614821.Poor sleep is pervasive, becoming increasingly prevalent, and has profound personal, social, economic, and public health consequences. Recently, there has been a dramatic increase in the use of app-based audio tools by the public before and during sleeping hours. These interventions are cheap, widely available, easy to use, and unlikely to cause harm, yet there is a lack of evidence regarding their efficacy and underlying mechanisms of action. This study takes the first steps to address this gap in knowledge, and pave the way for further research. We show that two categories of audio tools featured on the Unmind mental health app are both feasible and acceptable, and demonstrate preliminary efficacy across many sleep and mental health outcomes.Sleep plays a vital role in maintaining physical and mental health [1–3]. Recent consensus states that adults require 7–9 hours of sleep for optimal functioning [4], yet increased demands from work, higher perceived stress, and greater use of digital technology have led to an upwards trend in sleep disturbance [5]. In the United States, 35% of adults report insufficient sleep [6], and 20% of young adults in Europe sleep an average of 90 minutes less than needed per night [7]. Moreover, worldwide, approximately one in three individuals will experience at least one symptom of insomnia, with women and older adults at higher risk [8, 9].Insufficient sleep has been shown to adversely impact a multitude of outcomes, including cognitive performance, emotional regulation, and quality of life [2, 10]. Individuals with poor sleep are also at an elevated risk of morbidity and mortality from causes such as cancer, stroke, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease [11]. This has major implications for the workplace, with sleep-related productivity loss costing the UK economy £40.2bn a year, a figure that is set to rise to £47bn by 2030 [11], and further costs resulting from absenteeism, staff turnover, and increased healthcare expenditure [12, 13]. Moreover, whilst sleep disruption has long since been identified as a symptom of mental ill health [14, 15], recent frameworks suggest it is also a contributory causal factor in the occurrence of several mental health disorders [16, 17]. Together, this suggests an urgent need for evidence-based interventions that can improve sleep health at a population level.There has been increased interest in the use of smartphone-based mental health apps (“MHapps”) to deliver psychosocial interventions. Relative to traditional care, MHapps are more accessible, can provide momentary support, are associated with lower costs, and can facilitate increased engagement through tailored interventions [18]. Moreover, usage of smartphones before and during sleeping hours has substantially increased, suggesting that MHapps are a prime delivery medium for sleep interventions [19]. Preliminary findings from a recent systematic review suggest that sleep interventions delivered via MHapps can attenuate sleep disorders and enhance sleep quality, and may have benefits over traditional treatment approaches [20].To date, most evaluations of sleep interventions delivered via MHapps have focused on formal treatment programs designed for clinical populations and specific disorders, such as cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) for insomnia [21]. Yet, many adults without a diagnosed disorder report poor sleep, and there has been a dramatic increase in the demand, availability, and media coverage of standalone, audio-based tools designed for ad hoc use by the public before and during sleeping hours [22]. Such tools often comprise relaxing soundscapes or narrated stories, with the latter being the most popular category of content used by subscribers of the well-being app Calm [22]. Relative to app-based CBT and other structured interventions, standalone tools may have fewer barriers to use, as they do not require active learning or significant time investment.Although such standalone tools are widely used by individuals with disturbed sleep [22], there is a lack of empirical evidence regarding their efficacy. Some preliminary evidence suggests that music-based interventions can improve sleep quality in insomnia patients [23], though findings in nonclinical samples [24, 25], and from interventions that utilize white noise [26], have been mixed. One recent study evaluating music and narration-based sleep tools from the Headspace app reported partial evidence of improved sleep quality, but utilized a small study sample and a non-randomized design [27]. In addition, one randomized controlled trial (RCT) reported reductions in daytime fatigue and presleep arousal following the use of sleep-related content on the Calm app, but did not specifically measure sleep quality, and did not separate relaxation-based tools from mindfulness-based content [28]. Together this suggests an urgent need for further, high-quality randomized trials.Finally, there is ambiguity regarding the potential mechanisms of action of standalone audio tools in improving sleep health. One hypothesis is that they may counteract presleep sympathetic arousal [29], or they may shift attention away from inhibitory presleep cognitive processes, such as worry [30]. Other possibilities are that they might act to replace behaviors that could otherwise increase arousal, or help to reverse negative underlying beliefs about sleep by promoting short-term sleep improvements. Understanding both the potential efficacy and mechanisms of action of such tools is needed to fully realize their utility.In this study, we conducted an external pilot RCT to evaluate the feasibility, acceptability, and preliminary efficacy of two categories of standalone, audio-based tools featured on the Unmind mental health app, named Nightwaves (NW; ambient music and nature sounds) and Sleep Tales (ST; narrated stories). The study recruited community-dwelling, UK-based, working adults, who were screened for poor sleep, and randomly allocated to one of two intervention arms or to a waitlist (WL) control group, for a 4-week intervention period. Consistent with guidelines on pilot trials [31, 32], the primary aim was to evaluate the feasibility of the study methods and interventions in preparation for a definitive RCT. A secondary aim was to establish the preliminary efficacy of each intervention with respect to self-report measures of sleep quality, sleep-related impairment, workplace productivity, and other mental health outcomes, including establishing between-group effect sizes and 95% CIs. At the end of the intervention period, participants in the WL group were allowed to engage freely with both interventions for a further 4 weeks, before being invited to complete a final assessment. This allowed for a preliminary assessment of intervention acceptability and efficacy under more pragmatic conditions.This study received ethical approval from the University of Sussex Sciences & Technology Research Ethics Committee (ER/KC226/6), was preregistered at International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number 12614821, and a full study protocol was preregistered at Open Science Framework in October 2021. The authors followed the CONSORT (Consolidated Standards of Reporting) 2010 guidelines when preparing this manuscript [33], including extensions to pilot [31], and multi-arm trials [34].This study was a parallel, multi-arm, pilot RCT with pre- (t0) and post-intervention (t1) assessments. Participants were randomized to one of two interventions, accessed via the Unmind app, or to a WL control group, via a 1:1:1 allocation ratio, for a 4-week intervention period. Following t1, participants in the WL group were able to engage with both interventions freely for a further 4 weeks, after which they were invited to complete a final assessment (t2). Data were collected between October and December 2021, and all study procedures were conducted online.Participants were recruited from the Prolific online recruitment platform (https://www.prolific.co). Eligibility criteria included (1) 18 years old and above, (2) residing in the United Kingdom, (3) in full- or part-time employment, (4) probable experience of poor sleep, indicated via a score ≥7 on the Jenkins Sleep Scale [35], (5) self-reporting an interest in improved sleep, (6) fluent in English, (7) having access to the internet, (8) owning a smartphone (or tablet) and being willing to download and sign up to the Unmind app, (9) willingness to be randomized, and (10) having an active Prolific account. Individuals undergoing treatment for a sleep disorder with a health professional, and those reporting previous or current use of Unmind app, were excluded.Participants were invited to complete a brief screening survey, advertised on Prolific, to determine trial eligibility. To maximize sample representativeness (and account for a proportionally higher number of young adults on the Prolific platform), separate screening adverts were created for males and females, with each being stratified further into two age groups (18–25 years, and ≥26). This ensured that ~10% of screened individuals would be in the 18–25 age group, which is broadly consistent with the general UK population (based on UK Census data, 2011).All eligible individuals were invited to complete a baseline survey (t0) on a first-come-first-served basis, which automatically closed when the required sample size was met. At the end of the t0 survey, participants were randomized to one of three study groups for a 4-week intervention period. Randomization was automated via the Qualtrics “randomizer” feature (which uses block randomization), and thus the allocation sequence was not visible to either study participants or researchers. Qualtrics software uses variable block sizes to ensure balanced groups. Participants randomized to an intervention arm were given both video and written instructions explaining how to access and engage with the interventions, and were sent weekly engagement reminders manually by a member of the research team (using Prolific’s anonymous messaging system). At the end of the intervention period, access to the interventions was withdrawn, and all participants were invited to complete a post-intervention survey (t1). Participants randomized to the WL group were given the opportunity to engage with both interventions freely for a further 4 weeks, before being invited to complete a final survey (t2). During this 4-week period, participants were sent weekly messages reminding them they had access to the interventions, though it was made clear that engagement was optional.All surveys were hosted on Qualtrics (https://www.qualtrics.com) and included detailed online information sheets that participants were encouraged to read. Participants had to provide informed consent before being able to progress to the screening and t0 surveys. During the t0 survey, participants were presented with an additional video that explained the study procedures, followed by a short quiz to ensure participants understood key study details. Participants scoring <75% on the quiz were asked to rewatch the video and retake the quiz. All participants were shown the correct answers following either the first or second attempt, as applicable. Participants were paid £1 for completing the screening survey, and £10 for each trial survey (payment was not contingent upon intervention adherence).Unmind is a digital mental health platform designed to help working adults measure, manage, and improve their mental health, and has been described in full previously [36]. One type of intervention featured on the platform comprises standalone audio exercises designed to be used ad hoc (known as Tools) that address different mental health or well-being topics. This study evaluated two categories of Tools intended to facilitate sleep, and designed to be used prior to or immediately before bed, as an aid to falling asleep, or as an aid to getting back to sleep after waking. These two categories are: (1) Nightwaves (NW; ambient music and nature sounds, each of which is 30–60 minutes in duration), and (2) Sleep Tales (ST; narrated stories, typically 15–40 minutes in duration, that include background music and/or sound cues). The content of ST tends to focus on detailed sensory descriptions of visual scenes, such as vividly describing a painting or a natural landscape. They occasionally include short breathing prompts, or deep breathing exercises, either at the start of each session or in between the descriptive storytelling, to aid relaxation. NWs on the other hand does not include any voice narration.At the time of running this study, there were 49 NWs and 9 STs available to participants. Figure 1 includes example screenshots of both interventions as featured on the Unmind mobile app. Tools are played via a media player that allows users to play, pause, or scrub back and forth as desired. The app also includes a looping function, which when selected will continue replaying a Tool until stopped by the user. Participants were given access to a modified version of the app that only included their allocated intervention, and was instructed to engage with one tool of their choosing per night, with the proviso that it was acceptable to miss occasional nights. Although Unmind can be accessed via a web app, participants were instructed to download the mobile app (via the Apple or Google Play stores), given that the interventions are designed to be used during sleeping hours. Participants had access to versions 2.90.0–2.99.0 of the mobile app, and no major app changes or updates were launched during the study period.Screenshots of (A) The Tools homepage, (B) Example content available within the Sleep Tales category, and (C) An example of a Sleep Tale being played via the app’s built-in media player.Primary outcomes were based on guidelines for evaluating novel health interventions, including conducting pilot trials [37, 38], and included the following:Feasibility: recruitment, intervention uptake, and retention at t1.Acceptability: intervention adherence (including the average number and length of tool sessions completed, and the proportion of participants completing an average of three tools per week, or 12 in total), participant satisfaction, and reasons for nonadherence.Engagement: average number of tool sessions completed, average total duration of tool usage, self-reported conditions that prompt tool usage, self-reported pattern of tool usage, and one question adapted from section B of the Mobile App Rating Scale (MARS [39]).Transferability: One item adapted from section E of the MARS.Relevance: One item assessing subjective self-reported of the interventions.Lasting negative effects: One item adapted from recent guidelines on assessing negative effects [37, 40]; the proportion of participants whose self-reported mental health and sleep disturbance scores (as measured by the Patient Health Questionnaire-4 [PHQ-4] and the PROMIS Sleep Disturbance Short Form [SD-SF]) reliably deteriorated from t0 to t1 (as recommended by [40]).Preregistered secondary outcomes included the following self-report measures, completed at t0 and t1 for all study arms, and t2 for the WL group only.The SD-SF measures perceived difficulties with getting to or staying asleep, as well as perceived adequacy of and satisfaction with sleep, and is universal rather than disorder-specific [41]. Respondents are asked to rate each of the eight items on a 5-point Likert scale (from 0 to 5) over a 7-day recall period. Total scores range from 8 to 40 with higher scores indicating greater sleep disturbance. Raw scores are converted to standardized T-scores with a mean of 50 and standard deviation (SD) of 10. The SD-SF has excellent reliability (0.90 or above), and greater measurement precision than the widely used Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) [41].The PROMIS sleep-related impairment short form 8a (SRI-SF) captures self-reported perceptions of alertness, sleepiness, and tiredness during usual waking hours, as well as sleep-related functional impairments during wakefulness, and is universal rather than disorder-specific [41]. The response options, recall period, scoring, and interpretation are equivalent to the SD-SF. The SRI-SF has excellent reliability (0.90 or above), and greater measurement precision than both the Epworth Sleepiness Scale and PSQI [41].Participants were asked to complete the first two questions of the Medical Outcomes Study Sleep Scale [42] which ask about (1) the time taken to fall asleep, and (2) the number of hours of sleep each night, using a 4-week recall period.The work productivity and activity impairment (WPAI) is a 6-item self-report measure of health-related work productivity loss for the employed population [43]. This study used the specific health problem version (WPAI:SHP), with “poor sleep” being the target problem. The WPAI uses a 1-week recall period. The WPAI produces four scores (expressed as percentage impairment) that capture (1) absenteeism (work time missed), (2) presenteeism (impairment at work/ reduced on-the-job effectiveness), (3) work productivity loss (overall work impairment/ absenteeism plus presenteeism), and (4) activity impairment. The WPAI has sufficient construct validity and test–retest reliability (with correlation coefficients ranging from 0.71 to 0.87 for overall productivity loss).The Short Warwick-Edinburgh mental well-being scale (SWEMWBS) is designed to measure aspects of mental well-being that relate predominantly to functioning, and uses a 2-week recall period [44]. Respondents are asked to rate each item on a 5-point Likert scale from 1 = “None of the time” to 5 = “All of the time.” Raw scores are transformed into metric scores ranging from 7 to 35, with higher scores indicating greater positive mental well-being. The SWEMWBS has high internal consistency (a = 0.84 [45]).The Unmind Index is a 26-item measure designed to capture key components of positive mental well-being and specific symptoms of mental ill health, using a 2-week recall period [46]. Respondents are asked to rate each item on a 6-point Likert scale from 0 = “No days” to 5 = “Every day.” The Unmind Index comprises a general factor (the Overall Score) and seven subscales, each of which is scored by normalizing and standardizing raw mean scores to population norms, with a resulting mean of 100 and SD of 15. The Overall Score is calculated as the mean of the subscale scores, and also has a mean of 100, with higher scores indicating less symptomatology and greater well-being. The Unmind Index shows excellent internal consistency for the Overall Score (McDonald’s hierarchical omega = 0.92).The PHQ-4 is a brief, 4-item measure designed to capture core symptoms of depression and anxiety over a 2-week recall period [47]. Respondents are asked to rate each item on a 4-point Likert scale ranging from 0 = “Not at all,” to 3 = “Nearly every day.” Scores are interpreted as follows: normal (0–2), mild (3–5), moderate (6–8), and severe (9–12). The PHQ-4 has strong psychometric properties including good internal consistency (a = 0.85).The JSS is a brief, 4-item measure that evaluates the frequency and intensity of certain sleep difficulties [35], and was used in the current study to screen for the presence of disturbed sleep during recruitment. Participants are asked to indicate the frequency with which they have experienced specific sleep problems over the past month, using a 5-point Likert scale (0 = “Not at all,” 1 = “1–3 days,” 2 = “4–7 days,” 3 = “8–14 days,” 4 = ‘15–21 days, 5 = “22–31 days”). Total scores range from 0 to 20, with higher scores indicating greater sleep disturbance. A cutoff of ≥7 was used to identify individuals with self-reported disturbed sleep, based on previous receiver operator analyses [48, 49].Participants were presented with a demographics questionnaire at t0 designed to capture age, sex, gender identity, ethnicity, education, employment status, workplace industry, and other characteristics related to sleep (see Table 1).Participant demographics and baseline characteristicsParticipant demographics and baseline characteristicsParticipants were presented with a feedback questionnaire at t1 (or t2 for the WL group) designed to capture intervention engagement, satisfaction, and other feasibility outcomes, which included questions adapted from the MARS.Progression criteria for a definitive trial were predefined as per formal guidelines [50] and were as follows: (1) full study recruitment within 1 month, (2) ≥80% of participants in the intervention arms signing up to Unmind, (3) ≥50% of participants reporting being “satisfied” or “very satisfied” with their allocated intervention and rating the quality as “good” or “excellent,” and (4) the 95% CI on between-group effect sizes (NW or ST vs. WL) for self-reported sleep quality (measured via the SD-SF) including at least a small effect (Hedges’ g = 0.2). The latter two criteria were evaluated for each intervention arm separately.This study was powered for CIs on the feasibility outcomes. A sample size calculation indicated that approximately 100 participants were required to estimate feasibility outcomes with a margin of error of ≤10% (based on a conservative population proportion of 50% for retention and adherence, and a 95% CI). This is consistent with previous guidelines suggesting that 60 to 100 participants per intervention arm are optimal for estimating binary outcomes in pilot RCTs [51]. We, therefore, aimed to recruit 300 participants in total. Previous data suggested that approximately 20% of individuals from the general population would meet our criterion for disturbed sleep (scoring ≥7 on the JSS [52]). On this basis, we estimated that approximately 2000 individuals would need to be screened to achieve a final sample size of 300.Descriptive statistics were used to report on demographics and primary outcomes. Categorical data were reported as proportions in each response category, and Fisher’s exact test of independence was used to compare responses and attrition between intervention arms (two-tailed). Logistic regression was used to test for changes in self-reported sleep onset latency (captured as a categorical variable) with predictors “group,” “timepoint,” and their interaction included in the model (P values <0.05 were considered significant). Objective in-app usage data was provided by Unmind. Since the intervention sessions are long and designed to be used flexibly, an individual session was characterized as complete if the total play time was ≥5 minutes. Since Tools can be looped or replayed, we also calculated the number of intervention sessions played based on duration (where a single session looped once would count as two plays), and the total summed duration of Tool usage across the intervention period. Finally, we report the proportion of participants who completed ≥12 intervention sessions in total, which was the predefined threshold for per protocol engagement.Change in secondary outcome measures from t0 to t1 was analyzed using linear mixed-effects models (LMEs) with restricted maximum likelihood estimation (via the “lmerTest” package in R) and intention-to-treat principles. Each model included a within-participant factor “time” (with levels: t0 and t1), a between-participant factor “group” (ST, NW, or WL), and their interaction as fixed effects, and a separate baseline for each participant (random intercepts). For each outcome, we report the estimated marginal means (EMMs) with standard errors (SE) for each time point and group, within-group contrasts comparing the change in scores from t0 to t1 (with SE and P values), and between-group P values for interaction effects (NW or ST versus WL), with values <.05 being considered significant. We also report a standardized effect size (Hedges’ g with 95% CI) for each between-group contrast. Hedges’ g was calculated using EMMs (as opposed to raw data, which require the use of complete cases only) and pooled SDs, using equations 1 and 2 from Nakagawa and Cuthill, and equations 15 and 16 to calculate 95% CIs [53].To analyze changes in secondary outcomes in the WL group from t1 to t2, models were adjusted to only include a single within-subject factor “time” (with levels: t1 and t2). We thus report on the main effect of time, with EMMs and SE for each time point. Hedges’ g was calculated as described above, but was based on the mean difference in scores between t1 and t2, and using equation 18 from Nakagawa and Cuthill to calculate standard error [53].Due to a technical error, we were unable to link individual questionnaire responses to objective engagement data, and were thus unable to conduct per-protocol analyses or exploratory dose–response analyses.Participants' demographics and other baseline variables are presented in Table 1. The sample was 71.7% female, 91.3% White, and had a mean age of 35.5 years (SD = 9.0, range = 18–64). On average, participants scored approximately one SD above population norms for sleep disturbance and sleep-related impairment at baseline, and reported sleeping a median of 6 hours 15 minutes per night (SD = 1 hour 6 minutes); 45 minutes less than the lower bound of the healthy 7–9 hours range [4]. 193 (64.3%) participants reported a sleep onset latency of ≥45 minutes. Participants also scored between 0.5–1 SD below population norms on measures of mental health and well-being, and reported high rates of presenteeism and activity-related impairment due to poor sleep. Despite this, self-reported absenteeism was low, and only two participants had a previously diagnosed sleep disorder.The screening stage and main trial were both fully enrolled within 48 hours of launching the respective study adverts on Prolific. The participant flow through the trial is shown in Figure 2. Of the 1999 participants who completed screening, 1212 were eligible, of which 303 completed a baseline assessment. Two participants withdrew post-randomization, and one self-reported being unemployed, leaving 300 participants in the analysis. 282 (94%) participants were retained at t1, and there was no significant difference in attrition between groups (p = 0.318). 91 (90.1%) participants from the WL group were retained at t2.CONSORT chart of participant flow through the study.A summary of objective intervention engagement is shown in Table 2. Of the 199 participants randomized to an intervention arm, 180 (90.5%) signed up for Unmind and completed at least one session. On average, participants completed a session in the app on 12.7 (SD = 10) separate occasions. When calculating the number of intervention sessions played based on duration, this increased to 25.3 (SD = 23.5) sessions, suggesting that participants may have frequently replayed the same session. Total session playtime across the 4-week intervention period averaged 10.9 hours (SD = 10.3). Of the 180 participants who used the app, 80 (44.4%) engaged on ≥12 separate occasions (the predefined threshold for per protocol engagement). Participants mostly commonly reported using the intervention sessions to help fall asleep (53.7% of all multi-select responses), followed by relaxing shortly before going to bed (30.5%), and less frequently as an aid to get back to sleep after waking in the night (14.7%).Summary of objective intervention engagement for the two study interventions and overallSummary of objective intervention engagement for the two study interventions and overallSelf-reported barriers to intervention engagement, and factors that made participants more or less likely to engage with the interventions on specific nights, are reported in Supplementary Table S1. Barriers to overall engagement included sleep naturally improving, a change in routine or circumstance, not perceiving the interventions to be helpful, a lack of time, or other reasons (with forgetting to engage being frequently cited). Participants were more likely to engage with the interventions on nights when they had a busy mind or racing thoughts, were not feeling tired or ready for sleep, were feeling more stressed or anxious than normal, or had slept badly on previous nights. Barriers to engaging on specific nights included forgetting, feeling ready to sleep without any aids, not having time, having a change in sleeping arrangements, and practical reasons (such as a low mobile battery).Post-intervention feedback ratings are shown in Table 3. 82.1% of participants reported they were either “satisfied” (45.1%) or “very satisfied” (37.0%) with their allocated intervention, and 84.3% rated the quality of their intervention as either “good” (43.5%) or “excellent” (40.8%). When asked if they would recommend the interventions to people who might benefit from them, 51.7% of participants said they would recommend them to “many people” or to “everyone.” Ratings did not significantly differ between intervention arms.Post-intervention feedback ratings at t1. P values are from Fisher’s exact tests comparing ratings between intervention armsPost-intervention feedback ratings at t1. P values are from Fisher’s exact tests comparing ratings between intervention armsOne participant randomized to ST “slightly agreed” that the intervention resulted in lasting negative effects. This individual reported waking up in the middle of night and having trouble getting back to sleep. Qualitative feedback suggested they would have preferred music-based rather than narration-based tools. Similarly, one participant randomized to NW “strongly agreed” that the intervention resulted in lasting negative effects. This individual reported experiencing headaches and worsened sleep following intervention use. Qualitative feedback suggested that the repetitive nature of the sounds featured in the NW tools resulted in increased anxiety. A further nine participants selected “not sure” when asked whether the interventions resulted in negative effects. However, analysis of secondary outcomes showed increases in sleep duration, and decreases in sleep disturbance, sleep-related impairment, and symptoms of depression and anxiety in this subgroup, suggesting they may have misunderstood the question.When investigating reliable deterioration in outcome measures from t0 to t1 (for the SD-SF, SRI-SF, SWEMWBS, and PHQ-4), the proportion of participants reporting deterioration ranged from 6.4% to 12.6% for the control group, and 1.1% to 4% for the intervention groups (see Table 4). Together, this suggests that the interventions pose very minimal risk of unwanted effects, but may in rare cases be unsuited to specific individuals.Participants who reported reliable deterioration from t0 to t1, based on reliable change indexParticipants who reported reliable deterioration from t0 to t1, based on reliable change indexChanges in secondary outcomes were evaluated using intention-to-treat analyses. Table 5 shows EMMs for each outcome measure (by group and timepoint), pre–post within-group contrast estimates, between-group Hedge’s g effect sizes, and P values for each group x time interaction effect. For completeness, we report raw scores at t0 and t1 from complete cases only in Supplementary Table S2, which are largely equivalent to the EMMs. Both study interventions resulted in significant between-group improvements for sleep disturbance, sleep-related impairment, total sleep duration, symptoms of depression and anxiety, and mental well-being (see Table 5 for P values). Standardized, between-group Hedge’s g effect sizes were large for both sleep disturbance (ST: g = 0.92, 95% CI [0.63–1.22]; NW: g = 1.09, 95% CI [0.80–1.39]) and sleep-related impairment (ST: g = 0.80, 95% CI [0.51–1.09]; NW: g = 0.91, 95% CI [0.62–1.20]), moderate for total sleep duration (ST: g = 0.56, 95% CI [0.27–0.84]; NW: g = 0.57, 95% CI [0.29–0.85]), and in the moderate–large range for all other mental health and well-being outcomes (see Table 5). Participants in the intervention groups reported sleeping an additional 35 minutes (SD = 6 minutes) a night at t1 compared to t0.Estimates marginal means (ITT sample) from linear mixed effects models with standardized effect sizesEstimates marginal means (ITT sample) from linear mixed effects models with standardized effect sizesBoth interventions also significantly reduced sleep onset latency relative to the WL group. At t0, a total of 65.7% of participants in the ST arm and 73.0% in the NW arm reported a sleep onset latency of >30 minutes, which dropped to 33.3% and 34.7% at t1, respectively (see Table 6). Logistic regression with group x time interactions revealed that these changes were statistically significant for both ST (b = −1.29, SE = 0.59, p = 0.029) and NW (b = −1.18, SE = 0.59, p = 0.048), relative to the WL group. Both interventions also resulted in significant between-group improvements in sleep-related presenteeism, total work impairment, and daily activity impairment, but not absenteeism (ST: P = 0.221; NW: p = 0.055; see Table 5). However, absenteeism rates were low at baseline. Between-group Hedge’s g effect sizes were in the small–moderate range for presenteeism, total work impairment, and daily activity impairment (see Table 5).Self-reported sleep onset latency for each study arm and timepoint.Self-reported sleep onset latency for each study arm and timepoint.All predefined trial progression criteria were met, suggesting that a definitive trial is warranted.Of the 101 participants randomized to the WL group at baseline, 94 (93.1%) were retained at t2. Following the WL period, 51 participants (50.5%) signed up for the Unmind app and completed at least one intervention session. On average, participants completed a session in the app on 6.5 (SD = 6.5) separate occasions (see Table 3). When calculating the number of intervention sessions played based on duration, this increased to 13.7 (SD = 17.2). Total session playtime across the 4-week follow-up period averaged 6.2 hours (SD = 8.0).Feedback ratings and preliminary efficacy findings from the WL group are presented in (Supplementary Materials Tables S3–S4), and engagement data is included in Table 3. Briefly, 14 participants (27.5%) engaged with ST only, 12 (23.5%) engaged with NW only, and 25 (49.0%) engaged with both interventions. Of those who self-reported engaging with both interventions, 60.0% expressed a preference for NW, 34.0% had a preference for ST, and 6.0% had no preference. Participants most frequently reported using the intervention sessions to help fall asleep (51.8% of all multi-select responses), followed by relaxing shortly before going to bed (30.9%), and less frequently as an aid to get back to sleep after waking in the night (14.5%). The primary barrier to engagement was forgetting to use the interventions. Of those who self-reported using Unmind, 78.4% rated the quality of the interventions as “good” (47.3%) or “excellent” (31.1%), and 75.7% were either “satisfied” (47.3%) or “very satisfied” (28.4%) with the interventions.Preliminary efficacy findings were largely consistent with the between-group RCT findings, with LMEs revealing significant t1 to t2 improvements across all secondary outcome measures, except for absenteeism (p = 0.618). Within-group Hedges’ g effect sizes were in the moderate-large range for sleep disturbance and sleep-related impairment, and either small or moderate for all other secondary outcomes (see Supplementary Table S4).Many individuals without a diagnosed disorder experience poor sleep, and this can have serious health and economic consequences. Recently, there has been surge in use of smartphone-based audio tools to aid sleep by the general public, yet little is known about the effectiveness of such tools. This study reports on the feasibility and preliminary efficacy of two categories of audio-based tools for sleep, featured on the Unmind MHapp, when delivered to working adults with sleep disturbance. The study methods and interventions were found to be feasible, and all preregistered criteria for progression to a definitive trial were met.We were able to rapidly recruit a large sample of participants from the public who self-reported poor sleep at baseline using a validated screening measure. Participants self-reported significantly higher sleep disturbance and sleep-related impairment than population norms at baseline, including 40% impaired productivity whilst working due to poor sleep, despite not having a diagnosed sleep disorder. Participant retention and adherence were largely consistent with or higher than comparable studies. For example, only 6% of participants were lost at t1, which compares favorably to attrition rates of 21.6% (±16.9) reported in a recent meta-analysis of CBT for insomnia trials [54]. This may be due to the brevity of the intervention period, use of the Prolific recruitment platform (which is associated with high participant response rates), a focus on subclinical sleep disturbance, and reimbursing participants at each study time point. Similarly, 90.1% of participants accessed their allocated intervention and completed at least one session.Post-intervention feedback ratings were largely positive, with 82.1% of participants reporting they were either “satisfied” or “very satisfied” with their allocated intervention, and 84.3% rating the quality of their intervention as either “good” or “excellent.” Ratings were similarly positive in the pragmatic waitlist group (who were given access to both interventions later). This is largely consistent with previous interventions evaluated on the Unmind MHapp [36]. Intervention engagement and feedback ratings were equivalent across the two audio tool categories, though participants in the pragmatic waitlist group mostly reported preferring one category over the other. This suggests that giving individuals choice over a wide variety of audio tools could facilitate intervention uptake and engagement.Despite being encouraged to engage with the interventions each night over 4 weeks, participants completed an average of 12.7 separate sessions (with substantial variability across participants), and 44% completed the predefined threshold for per protocol engagement (12 sessions). As expected, engagement was lower in the pragmatic waitlist group, who were not given specific instructions and were free to engage as little or as often as desired. Unfortunately, we were unable to gather meaningful feedback in this study from participants in the waitlist group who chose not to use Unmind. Of those that did engage with the app, the primary barrier to engagement in both intervention arms and the waitlist group was forgetting to use the interventions, suggesting that future versions of the app (or a future definitive trial) should incorporate reminders. Participants also reported a range of other factors that impacted engagement, suggesting that tool usage is likely to naturally fluctuate over time in relation to individual circumstances.Preliminary efficacy findings suggest that both interventions are associated with reductions in sleep disturbance and sleep-related impairment, with scores dropping from approximately 1 SD above population norms to normative levels, and between-group Hedge’s g effect sizes in the large range. This suggests that using the audio tools just a few times per week may be sufficient to experience significant improvements in sleep. Participants also reported sleeping an additional 35 minutes a night, with significant reductions in sleep onset latency post-intervention. This is broadly consistent with previous evidence that music can increase sleep quality and duration, as well as reduce sleep onset latency [24, 55], though this is one of the first RCTs to use a mobile app as the delivery medium, and to include narrated stories as an intervention arm.In addition to improvements in sleep, the interventions also had a significant beneficial impact on self-reported symptoms of depression and anxiety, work- and activity-related impairment, and mental well-being, with effect sizes in the medium range. This is consistent with a recent meta-analysis reporting that interventions that improve sleep quality also result in medium-sized improvements across several mental health outcomes, such as depression, anxiety, stress, and composite measures of mental health [56], as well as with recent evidence that sleep is causally related to the experience of mental health difficulties [17]. Although the precise mechanisms underlying this relationship remain unclear, one potential explanation involves changes in aspects of emotion regulation. For example, previous research suggests that poor sleep can amplify the adverse effect of negative life events, dull the beneficial impact of positive events, and is associated with more frequent use of emotion regulation strategies that might be detrimental to good mental health [57, 58]. A future definitive trial should aim to explore these mechanisms with a reduced and more targeted set of secondary outcomes.The audio tools evaluated in this study may have more widespread application and fewer barriers to adoption than more structured interventions, and may be helpful for individuals low in motivation (e.g. due to comorbid symptoms of depression or anxiety) since they do not require focused attention or learning new skills. Previous research suggests that the core active components of CBT for insomnia (which include sleep restriction therapy and stimulus control therapy) can be challenging, resulting in suboptimal adherence and reduced potential for treatment gains [59]. However, the present interventions are not intended as a replacement for CBT (or as a treatment for insomnia), and lower engagement levels in the pragmatic waitlist group suggest further research is needed to establish adherence patterns in both controlled and real-world settings. In addition, whilst these early findings suggest the study interventions may be efficacious in their own right, they could also have application as an adjunct to more structured treatment programs, and future research could explore this.While this study did not explore the mechanisms via which the interventions improve sleep, it provides some preliminary support for the idea that listening to the tools might specifically shift attention away from inhibitory presleep cognitive processes (such as worrying about sleep, monitoring, or focusing on threat cues). This is because most participants reported using the tools as a means to fall asleep, and were more likely to engage with the tools on nights when they were feeling stressed or experiencing racing thoughts. However, this study did not directly investigate underlying mechanisms of action, and future research should aim to address this if we are to fully understand the potential impact and application of such tools.To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to demonstrate both feasibility and preliminary efficacy of app-based tools designed to aid sleep in a nonclinical sample. If these findings are replicated in a definitive trial, they could have widespread financial and public health implications for policymakers and employers. App-based audio tools such as those evaluated in this study are safe, affordable, widely accessible, and easy to use compared to structured interventions that require active learning or behavior change. Their wide availability means they may also be useful as an early intervention, preventing mild problems from becoming disordered, though further research is needed to test this hypothesis.This study has several strengths. First, intervention adherence and engagement were objectively captured via the study app. Second, participant retention was high, reducing the potential impact of missing data on study findings. Third, all study outcomes and analyses were prospectively registered, precluding any selective reporting of outcomes or nonpublication of findings. Fourth, participants were screened for poor sleep using a well-validated measure of sleep disturbance. Fifth, participants were given access to a restricted version of the Unmind app, ensuring they only engaged with their allocated intervention. Sixth, we used an efficient multi-arm design to evaluate two separate but related interventions concurrently. Seventh, participants represented a wide age range of 18–64 years old.One limitation of this study is that sleep quality and other mental health measures were captured immediately post-intervention with no follow-up period. Future research should aim to explore whether any outcome improvements are maintained over time, either with or without continued use of the interventions, as well as how frequently they need to be used to be beneficial. Such information could help to inform more meaningful per-protocol analyses in future RCTs, help to guide in-app engagement recommendations, and shed light on potential mechanisms of action. For example, if improvements in sleep following intervention use are short-lived, it might suggest that the audio tools predominantly act by counteracting presleep arousal or inhibitory cognitive processes, as opposed to changing underlying beliefs about sleep.Similarly, we were unable to conduct exploratory dose–response analyses in this study, and could not test whether increased use of the study interventions predicts larger improvements in sleep. This should be explored in a fully powered trial if we are to understand the true impact of the interventions. We also used a passive control group as opposed to an active control group in which participants engage with activities matched for duration, attention, and interest. Passive controls can lead to inflated estimates of treatment effects, and do not account for nonspecific placebo effects. Although it is useful in practical terms to estimate this combined effect of the Unmind app, active controls are needed to estimate the specific impact and mechanisms underlying the study interventions. In addition, whilst we deliberately captured a broad set of mental health outcomes to estimate the scope of effects of this novel intervention type, a future definitive trial could use a more targeted set of outcomes, with less overlap between the constructs measured.Another limitation is that participants were predominantly White and approximately 70% female (though females have a higher risk of developing sleep problems than males [9]), and thus future studies could aim to recruit more diverse and balanced study samples. Similarly, as with most web-based trials, participants were not blinded to group allocation. Finally, the participant pool was self-selected, and it remains unknown to what extent the present findings are generalizable to the wider working population.To the best of our knowledge, this is one of the first studies to evaluate the feasibility and preliminary efficacy of app-based audio tools designed to aid sleep in the general public. We show that such tools are feasible and may result in significant improvements in sleep quality, work productivity, and other mental health outcomes, when used by working adults without a sleep disorder. These findings were broadly replicated under both controlled and more pragmatic study conditions. Given their wide accessibility and ease of use, such interventions could have extensive financial and public health implications, and should be further investigated in a definitive RCT.The authors would like to thank the study participants for their time, and the team at Unmind for helping to facilitate the study.This study was funded in full by Unmind Ltd, the creator of the interventions evaluated. Authors ME, RM, and HB are employed by and own share options at Unmind Ltd. Author KC is a formal academic collaborator and receives financial compensation to provide scientific and research consulting services to Unmind Ltd. Nonfinancial disclosure: none.All authors conceived and designed the study. ME, HB, and RM collected the data. ME analyzed the data and wrote the initial draft of the manuscript with significant contribution from RM. All authors discussed the results and contributed to the final manuscript.This manuscript has been submitted as a preprint on the PsyArXiv repository.The data underlying this article will be shared on reasonable request to the corresponding author.Liu TZ, et al. . Sleep duration and risk of all-cause mortality: a flexible, non-linear, meta-regression of 40 prospective cohort studies. Sleep Med Rev. 2017;32:28–36. doi: 10.1016/j.smrv.2016.02.005Google ScholarWorldCatMedic G, et al. . Short- and long-term health consequences of sleep disruption. Nat Sci Sleep. 2017;9:151–161. doi: 10.2147/NSS.S134864Google ScholarWorldCatPatel SR, et al. . Sleep duration and biomarkers of inflammation. Sleep. 2009;32(2):200–204. doi: 10.1093/sleep/32.2.200Google ScholarWorldCatWatson NF, et al. .. Recommended amount of sleep for a healthy adult: a joint consensus statement of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine and Sleep Research Society. J Clin Sleep Med. 2015;11(06):591–592. doi: 10.5664/jcsm.4758Google ScholarWorldCatFord ES, et al. . Trends in insomnia and excessive daytime sleepiness among US adults from 2002 to 2012. Sleep Med. 2015;16(3):372–378. doi: 10.1016/j.sleep.2014.12.008Google ScholarWorldCatLiu Y, et al. . Prevalence of healthy sleep duration among adults — United States, 2014. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2016;6(65):136–141. doi: 10.15585/mmwr.mm6506a1Google ScholarWorldCatLéger D, et al. . Short sleep in young adults: insomnia or sleep debt? Prevalence and clinical description of short sleep in a representative sample of 1004 young adults from France. Sleep Med. 2011;12(5):454–462. doi: 10.1016/j.sleep.2010.12.012Google ScholarWorldCatDopheide JA. Insomnia overview: epidemiology, pathophysiology, diagnosis and monitoring, and nonpharmacologic therapy. Am J Manag Care. 2020;26(suppl 4):S76–S84. doi: 10.37765/ajmc.2020.42769Google ScholarWorldCatMallampalli MP, et al. . Exploring sex and gender differences in sleep health: a society for Women’s Health Research Report. J Womens Health. 2014;23(7):553–562. doi: 10.1089/jwh.2014.4816Google ScholarWorldCatStrine TW, et al. . Associations of frequent sleep insufficiency with health-related quality of life and health behaviors. Sleep Med. 2005;6(1):23–27. doi: 10.1016/j.sleep.2004.06.003Google ScholarWorldCatHafner M, et al. . Why sleep matters—The economic costs of insufficient sleep. Rand Health Q. 2017;6(4):11.Google ScholarWorldCatJarecki S, et al. . Sleep And Its Role In Employee Health. Goodpath; 2021. https://f.hubspotusercontent40.net/hubfs/7420342/Sleep%20and%20Its%20Role%20In%20Employee%20Health_GEHI.pdfGoogle ScholarGoogle PreviewWorldCatPilcher JJ, et al. . Sleep and organizational behavior: implications for workplace productivity and safety. Front Psychol. 2020;11:45. doi: 10.3389/fpsyg.2020.00045Google ScholarWorldCatHorne S, et al. . An evaluation of sleep disturbance on in-patient psychiatric units in the UK. BJPsych Bull. 2018;42(5):193–197. doi: 10.1192/bjb.2018.42Google ScholarWorldCatKrystal AD, et al. . Sleep disturbance in psychiatric disorders: effects on function and quality of life in mood disorders, alcoholism, and schizophrenia. Ann Clin Psychiatry. 2008;20(1):39–46. doi: 10.1080/10401230701844661Google ScholarWorldCatFreeman D, et al. . The effects of improving sleep on mental health (OASIS): a randomised controlled trial with mediation analysis. Lancet Psychiatry. 2017;4(10):749–758. doi: 10.1016/S2215-0366(17)30328-0.Google ScholarWorldCatFreeman D, et al. . Sleep disturbance and psychiatric disorders. Lancet Psychiatry. 2020;7(7):628–637. doi: 10.1016/S2215-0366(20)30136-X.Google ScholarWorldCatWeisel KK, et al. . Standalone smartphone apps for mental health—a systematic review and meta-analysis. Npj Digit Med. 2019;2(1):118. doi: 10.1038/s41746-019-0188-8Google ScholarWorldCatRod NH, et al. . Overnight smartphone use: a new public health challenge? A novel study design based on high-resolution smartphone data. van Wouwe JP, ed. PLoS One. 2018;13(10):e0204811. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0204811Google ScholarWorldCatShin JC, et al. . Mobile phone interventions for sleep disorders and sleep quality: systematic review. JMIR MHealth UHealth. 2017;5(9):e131. doi: 10.2196/mhealth.7244Google ScholarWorldCatYe Y, et al. . Internet-based cognitive–behavioural therapy for insomnia (ICBT-i): a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. BMJ Open. 2016;6(11):e010707. doi: 10.1136/bmjopen-2015-010707Google ScholarWorldCatHuberty J, et al. . Use of the consumer-based meditation app calm for sleep disturbances: cross-sectional survey study. JMIR Form Res. 2020;4(11):e19508. doi: 10.2196/19508Google ScholarWorldCatFeng F, et al. . Can music improve sleep quality in adults with primary insomnia? A systematic review and network meta-analysis. Int J Nurs Stud. 2018;77:189–196. doi: 10.1016/j.ijnurstu.2017.10.011Google ScholarWorldCatde Niet G, et al. . Music-assisted relaxation to improve sleep quality: meta-analysis. J Adv Nurs. 2009;65(7):1356–1364. doi: 10.1111/j.1365-2648.2009.04982.xGoogle ScholarWorldCatTang YW, et al. . Music-based intervention for improving sleep quality of adults without sleep disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Behav Sleep Med. 2022;20(2):241–259. doi: 10.1080/15402002.2021.1915787Google ScholarWorldCatRiedy SM, et al. . Noise as a sleep aid: a systematic review. Sleep Med Rev. 2021;55:101385. doi: 10.1016/j.smrv.2020.101385Google ScholarWorldCatKirk U, et al. . Using Actigraphy and Heart Rate Variability (HRV) to assess sleep quality and sleep arousal of three app-based interventions: sleep music, sleepcasts, and guided mindfulness. J Cogn Enhanc. 2021;6:216–231. doi:10.1007/s41465-021-00233-4Google ScholarWorldCatHuberty JL, et al. . Testing a mindfulness meditation mobile app for the treatment of sleep-related symptoms in adults with sleep disturbance: a randomized controlled trial. Taheri S, ed. PLoS One. 2021;16(1):e0244717. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0244717Google ScholarWorldCatSakamoto M, et al. . Comparing the effects of different individualized music interventions for elderly individuals with severe dementia. Int Psychogeriatr. 2013;25(5):775–784. doi: 10.1017/s1041610212002256Google ScholarWorldCatLemyre A, et al. . Pre-sleep cognitive activity in adults: a systematic review. Sleep Med Rev. 2020;50:101253. doi: 10.1016/j.smrv.2019.101253Google ScholarWorldCatEldridge SM, et al. . CONSORT 2010 statement: extension to randomised pilot and feasibility trials. BMJ. 2016:;355i5239. doi:10.1136/bmj.i5239Google ScholarWorldCatEldridge SM, et al. . Defining feasibility and pilot studies in preparation for randomised controlled trials: development of a conceptual framework. PLoS One. 2016;11(3):e0150205. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0150205Google ScholarWorldCatSchulz KF, et al. .. CONSORT 2010 statement: updated guidelines for reporting parallel group randomised trials. BMJ. 2010;340(mar23 1):c332–c332. doi: 10.1136/bmj.c332Google ScholarWorldCatJuszczak E, et al. . Reporting of multi-arm parallel-group randomized trials: extension of the CONSORT 2010 statement. JAMA. 2019;321(16):16101610. doi: 10.1001/jama.2019.3087Google ScholarWorldCatJenkins CD, et al. . A scale for the estimation of sleep problems in clinical research. J Clin Epidemiol. 1988;41(4):313–321. doi: 10.1016/0895-4356(88)90138-2Google ScholarWorldCatEconomides M, et al. . Feasibility and preliminary efficacy of web-based and mobile interventions for common mental health problems in working adults: multi-arm randomized pilot trial. JMIR Form Res. 2022;6(3):e34032. doi: 10.2196/34032Google ScholarWorldCatCrawford MJ, et al. . Patient experience of negative effects of psychological treatment: results of a national survey. Br J Psychiatry. 2016;208(3):260–265. doi: 10.1192/bjp.bp.114.162628Google ScholarWorldCatO’Cathain A, et al. . Guidance on how to develop complex interventions to improve health and healthcare. BMJ Open. 2019;9(8):e029954. doi:10.1136/bmjopen-2019-029954Google ScholarWorldCatStoyanov SR, et al. . Mobile app rating scale: a new tool for assessing the quality of health mobile apps. JMIR MHealth UHealth. 2015;3(1):e27. doi: 10.2196/mhealth.3422Google ScholarWorldCatRozental A, et al. . Consensus statement on defining and measuring negative effects of Internet interventions. Internet Interv. 2014;1(1):12–19. doi: 10.1016/j.invent.2014.02.001Google ScholarWorldCatYu L, et al. . Development of short forms from the PROMISTM sleep disturbance and sleep-related impairment item banks. Behav Sleep Med. 2012;10(1):6–24. doi: 10.1080/15402002.2012.636266Google ScholarWorldCatStewart AL, et al. . Measuring functioning and well-being: the medical outcomes study approach. Duke University Press; 1992.Google ScholarGoogle PreviewWorldCatReilly MC, et al. . The validity and reproducibility of a work productivity and activity impairment instrument. PharmacoEcon. 1993;4(5):353–365. doi: 10.2165/00019053-199304050-00006Google ScholarWorldCatStewart-Brown S, et al. . Internal construct validity of the Warwick-Edinburgh Mental Well-being Scale (WEMWBS): a Rasch analysis using data from the Scottish Health Education Population Survey. Health Qual Life Outcomes. 2009;7(1):15. doi: 10.1186/1477-7525-7-15Google ScholarWorldCatNg Fat L, et al. . Evaluating and establishing national norms for mental wellbeing using the short Warwick–Edinburgh Mental Well-being Scale (SWEMWBS): findings from the Health Survey for England. Qual Life Res. 2017;26(5):1129–1144. doi: 10.1007/s11136-016-1454-8Google ScholarWorldCatSierk A, et al. . A new digital assessment of mental health and well-being in the workplace: development and validation of the Unmind Index. JMIR Ment Health. 2022;9(1):e34103. doi: 10.2196/34103Google ScholarWorldCatKroenke K, et al. . An ultra-brief screening scale for anxiety and depression: the PHQ-4. Psychosomatics. 2009;50(6):613–621. doi: 10.1176/appi.psy.50.6.613Google ScholarWorldCatDuruoz MT, et al. . Assessment of the validity and reliability of the Jenkins Sleep Scale in ankylosing spondylitis. Int J Rheum Dis. 2019;22(2):275–279. doi: 10.1111/1756-185X.13447Google ScholarWorldCatUnal-Ulutatar C, et al. . Psychometric properties of Turkish version of Jenkins sleep scale in fibromyalgia syndrome. Adv Rheumatol. 2020;60(1):22. doi: 10.1186/s42358-020-0123-3Google ScholarWorldCatMbuagbaw L, et al. . The reporting of progression criteria in protocols of pilot trials designed to assess the feasibility of main trials is insufficient: a meta-epidemiological study. Pilot Feasibility Stud. 2019;5(1):120. doi: 10.1186/s40814-019-0500-zGoogle ScholarWorldCatTeare MD, et al. . Sample size requirements to estimate key design parameters from external pilot randomised controlled trials: a simulation study. Trials. 2014;15(1):264. doi: 10.1186/1745-6215-15-264Google ScholarWorldCatTibubos AN, et al. . Measurement invariance, validation and normative data of the Jenkins Sleep Scale-4 (JSS-4) in the German general population across the life span. J Psychosom Res. 2020;130:109933. doi: 10.1016/j.jpsychores.2020.109933Google ScholarWorldCatNakagawa S, et al. . Effect size, confidence interval and statistical significance: a practical guide for biologists. Biol Rev. 2007;82(4):591–605. doi: 10.1111/j.1469-185x.2007.00027.xGoogle ScholarWorldCatSoh HL, et al. . Efficacy of digital cognitive behavioural therapy for insomnia: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. Sleep Med. 2020;75:315–325. doi: 10.1016/j.sleep.2020.08.020Google ScholarWorldCatCordi MJ, et al. . Effects of relaxing music on healthy sleep. Sci Rep. 2019;9(1):9079. doi: 10.1038/s41598-019-45608-yGoogle ScholarWorldCatScott AJ, et al. . Improving sleep quality leads to better mental health: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. Sleep Med Rev. 2021;60:101556. doi: 10.1016/j.smrv.2021.101556Google ScholarWorldCatO’Leary K, et al. . Why might poor sleep quality lead to depression? A role for emotion regulation. Cogn Emot. 2017;31(8):1698–1706. doi: 10.1080/02699931.2016.1247035Google ScholarWorldCatZhang J, et al. . Using emotion regulation strategies after sleep deprivation: ERP and behavioral findings. Cogn Affect Behav Neurosci. 2019;19(2):283–295. doi: 10.3758/s13415-018-00667-yGoogle ScholarWorldCatMellor A, et al. . Approaches to the assessment of adherence to CBT-I, predictors of adherence, and the association of adherence to outcomes: a systematic review. Sleep Med Rev. 2022;63:101620. doi: 10.1016/j.smrv.2022.101620Google ScholarWorldCatOxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford. It furthers the University's objective of excellence in research, scholarship, and education by publishing worldwideSign In or Create an AccountThis PDF is available to Subscribers OnlyFor full access to this pdf, sign in to an existing account, or purchase an annual subscription.
Marcos Economides, Rhian Male, Heather Bolton, Kate Cavanagh,  Feasibility and preliminary efficacy of app-based audio tools to improve sleep health in working adults experiencing poor sleep: a multi-arm randomized pilot trial, Sleep, Volume 46, Issue 7, July 2023, zsad053, https://doi.org/10.1093/sleep/zsad053Many adults without a diagnosed sleep disorder report poor sleep. Recently, there has been a dramatic increase in the use of app-based audio tools to aid sleep by the general public, yet there is a paucity of evidence on whether such tools are efficacious. This study evaluated the feasibility and preliminary efficacy of two categories of audio tools, comprising music and narrated stories, featured on the Unmind app.We conducted an online, parallel, multi-arm, external pilot randomized controlled trial, with two intervention arms and a waitlist (WL) control group. Participants were working adults who were screened for poor sleep. Feasibility was assessed via objective and self-report measures. Preliminary efficacy was evaluated via self-report measures of sleep disturbance, work productivity, and other mental health outcomes, captured at baseline (t0) and following a 4-week intervention period (t1), and analyzed using mixed effects models with intention-to-treat principles.Three hundred participants were randomized, and 92% were retained at t1. 90.5% of participants completed at least one intervention session. 82.1% reported being “satisfied” or “very satisfied” with their intervention, and 84.3% rated their intervention as “good” or “excellent.” The between-group Hedges’ g effect size for sleep disturbance was 0.92 [0.63–1.22] and 1.09 [0.80–1.39] for the two interventions compared to the WL group.Both interventions are feasible and acceptable. Preliminary efficacy findings suggest that audio tools designed to aid sleep could have widespread financial and public health implications, and should be investigated in a definitive trial.International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN), 12614821, http://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN12614821.Poor sleep is pervasive, becoming increasingly prevalent, and has profound personal, social, economic, and public health consequences. Recently, there has been a dramatic increase in the use of app-based audio tools by the public before and during sleeping hours. These interventions are cheap, widely available, easy to use, and unlikely to cause harm, yet there is a lack of evidence regarding their efficacy and underlying mechanisms of action. This study takes the first steps to address this gap in knowledge, and pave the way for further research. We show that two categories of audio tools featured on the Unmind mental health app are both feasible and acceptable, and demonstrate preliminary efficacy across many sleep and mental health outcomes.Sleep plays a vital role in maintaining physical and mental health [1–3]. Recent consensus states that adults require 7–9 hours of sleep for optimal functioning [4], yet increased demands from work, higher perceived stress, and greater use of digital technology have led to an upwards trend in sleep disturbance [5]. In the United States, 35% of adults report insufficient sleep [6], and 20% of young adults in Europe sleep an average of 90 minutes less than needed per night [7]. Moreover, worldwide, approximately one in three individuals will experience at least one symptom of insomnia, with women and older adults at higher risk [8, 9].Insufficient sleep has been shown to adversely impact a multitude of outcomes, including cognitive performance, emotional regulation, and quality of life [2, 10]. Individuals with poor sleep are also at an elevated risk of morbidity and mortality from causes such as cancer, stroke, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease [11]. This has major implications for the workplace, with sleep-related productivity loss costing the UK economy £40.2bn a year, a figure that is set to rise to £47bn by 2030 [11], and further costs resulting from absenteeism, staff turnover, and increased healthcare expenditure [12, 13]. Moreover, whilst sleep disruption has long since been identified as a symptom of mental ill health [14, 15], recent frameworks suggest it is also a contributory causal factor in the occurrence of several mental health disorders [16, 17]. Together, this suggests an urgent need for evidence-based interventions that can improve sleep health at a population level.There has been increased interest in the use of smartphone-based mental health apps (“MHapps”) to deliver psychosocial interventions. Relative to traditional care, MHapps are more accessible, can provide momentary support, are associated with lower costs, and can facilitate increased engagement through tailored interventions [18]. Moreover, usage of smartphones before and during sleeping hours has substantially increased, suggesting that MHapps are a prime delivery medium for sleep interventions [19]. Preliminary findings from a recent systematic review suggest that sleep interventions delivered via MHapps can attenuate sleep disorders and enhance sleep quality, and may have benefits over traditional treatment approaches [20].To date, most evaluations of sleep interventions delivered via MHapps have focused on formal treatment programs designed for clinical populations and specific disorders, such as cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) for insomnia [21]. Yet, many adults without a diagnosed disorder report poor sleep, and there has been a dramatic increase in the demand, availability, and media coverage of standalone, audio-based tools designed for ad hoc use by the public before and during sleeping hours [22]. Such tools often comprise relaxing soundscapes or narrated stories, with the latter being the most popular category of content used by subscribers of the well-being app Calm [22]. Relative to app-based CBT and other structured interventions, standalone tools may have fewer barriers to use, as they do not require active learning or significant time investment.Although such standalone tools are widely used by individuals with disturbed sleep [22], there is a lack of empirical evidence regarding their efficacy. Some preliminary evidence suggests that music-based interventions can improve sleep quality in insomnia patients [23], though findings in nonclinical samples [24, 25], and from interventions that utilize white noise [26], have been mixed. One recent study evaluating music and narration-based sleep tools from the Headspace app reported partial evidence of improved sleep quality, but utilized a small study sample and a non-randomized design [27]. In addition, one randomized controlled trial (RCT) reported reductions in daytime fatigue and presleep arousal following the use of sleep-related content on the Calm app, but did not specifically measure sleep quality, and did not separate relaxation-based tools from mindfulness-based content [28]. Together this suggests an urgent need for further, high-quality randomized trials.Finally, there is ambiguity regarding the potential mechanisms of action of standalone audio tools in improving sleep health. One hypothesis is that they may counteract presleep sympathetic arousal [29], or they may shift attention away from inhibitory presleep cognitive processes, such as worry [30]. Other possibilities are that they might act to replace behaviors that could otherwise increase arousal, or help to reverse negative underlying beliefs about sleep by promoting short-term sleep improvements. Understanding both the potential efficacy and mechanisms of action of such tools is needed to fully realize their utility.In this study, we conducted an external pilot RCT to evaluate the feasibility, acceptability, and preliminary efficacy of two categories of standalone, audio-based tools featured on the Unmind mental health app, named Nightwaves (NW; ambient music and nature sounds) and Sleep Tales (ST; narrated stories). The study recruited community-dwelling, UK-based, working adults, who were screened for poor sleep, and randomly allocated to one of two intervention arms or to a waitlist (WL) control group, for a 4-week intervention period. Consistent with guidelines on pilot trials [31, 32], the primary aim was to evaluate the feasibility of the study methods and interventions in preparation for a definitive RCT. A secondary aim was to establish the preliminary efficacy of each intervention with respect to self-report measures of sleep quality, sleep-related impairment, workplace productivity, and other mental health outcomes, including establishing between-group effect sizes and 95% CIs. At the end of the intervention period, participants in the WL group were allowed to engage freely with both interventions for a further 4 weeks, before being invited to complete a final assessment. This allowed for a preliminary assessment of intervention acceptability and efficacy under more pragmatic conditions.This study received ethical approval from the University of Sussex Sciences & Technology Research Ethics Committee (ER/KC226/6), was preregistered at International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number 12614821, and a full study protocol was preregistered at Open Science Framework in October 2021. The authors followed the CONSORT (Consolidated Standards of Reporting) 2010 guidelines when preparing this manuscript [33], including extensions to pilot [31], and multi-arm trials [34].This study was a parallel, multi-arm, pilot RCT with pre- (t0) and post-intervention (t1) assessments. Participants were randomized to one of two interventions, accessed via the Unmind app, or to a WL control group, via a 1:1:1 allocation ratio, for a 4-week intervention period. Following t1, participants in the WL group were able to engage with both interventions freely for a further 4 weeks, after which they were invited to complete a final assessment (t2). Data were collected between October and December 2021, and all study procedures were conducted online.Participants were recruited from the Prolific online recruitment platform (https://www.prolific.co). Eligibility criteria included (1) 18 years old and above, (2) residing in the United Kingdom, (3) in full- or part-time employment, (4) probable experience of poor sleep, indicated via a score ≥7 on the Jenkins Sleep Scale [35], (5) self-reporting an interest in improved sleep, (6) fluent in English, (7) having access to the internet, (8) owning a smartphone (or tablet) and being willing to download and sign up to the Unmind app, (9) willingness to be randomized, and (10) having an active Prolific account. Individuals undergoing treatment for a sleep disorder with a health professional, and those reporting previous or current use of Unmind app, were excluded.Participants were invited to complete a brief screening survey, advertised on Prolific, to determine trial eligibility. To maximize sample representativeness (and account for a proportionally higher number of young adults on the Prolific platform), separate screening adverts were created for males and females, with each being stratified further into two age groups (18–25 years, and ≥26). This ensured that ~10% of screened individuals would be in the 18–25 age group, which is broadly consistent with the general UK population (based on UK Census data, 2011).All eligible individuals were invited to complete a baseline survey (t0) on a first-come-first-served basis, which automatically closed when the required sample size was met. At the end of the t0 survey, participants were randomized to one of three study groups for a 4-week intervention period. Randomization was automated via the Qualtrics “randomizer” feature (which uses block randomization), and thus the allocation sequence was not visible to either study participants or researchers. Qualtrics software uses variable block sizes to ensure balanced groups. Participants randomized to an intervention arm were given both video and written instructions explaining how to access and engage with the interventions, and were sent weekly engagement reminders manually by a member of the research team (using Prolific’s anonymous messaging system). At the end of the intervention period, access to the interventions was withdrawn, and all participants were invited to complete a post-intervention survey (t1). Participants randomized to the WL group were given the opportunity to engage with both interventions freely for a further 4 weeks, before being invited to complete a final survey (t2). During this 4-week period, participants were sent weekly messages reminding them they had access to the interventions, though it was made clear that engagement was optional.All surveys were hosted on Qualtrics (https://www.qualtrics.com) and included detailed online information sheets that participants were encouraged to read. Participants had to provide informed consent before being able to progress to the screening and t0 surveys. During the t0 survey, participants were presented with an additional video that explained the study procedures, followed by a short quiz to ensure participants understood key study details. Participants scoring <75% on the quiz were asked to rewatch the video and retake the quiz. All participants were shown the correct answers following either the first or second attempt, as applicable. Participants were paid £1 for completing the screening survey, and £10 for each trial survey (payment was not contingent upon intervention adherence).Unmind is a digital mental health platform designed to help working adults measure, manage, and improve their mental health, and has been described in full previously [36]. One type of intervention featured on the platform comprises standalone audio exercises designed to be used ad hoc (known as Tools) that address different mental health or well-being topics. This study evaluated two categories of Tools intended to facilitate sleep, and designed to be used prior to or immediately before bed, as an aid to falling asleep, or as an aid to getting back to sleep after waking. These two categories are: (1) Nightwaves (NW; ambient music and nature sounds, each of which is 30–60 minutes in duration), and (2) Sleep Tales (ST; narrated stories, typically 15–40 minutes in duration, that include background music and/or sound cues). The content of ST tends to focus on detailed sensory descriptions of visual scenes, such as vividly describing a painting or a natural landscape. They occasionally include short breathing prompts, or deep breathing exercises, either at the start of each session or in between the descriptive storytelling, to aid relaxation. NWs on the other hand does not include any voice narration.At the time of running this study, there were 49 NWs and 9 STs available to participants. Figure 1 includes example screenshots of both interventions as featured on the Unmind mobile app. Tools are played via a media player that allows users to play, pause, or scrub back and forth as desired. The app also includes a looping function, which when selected will continue replaying a Tool until stopped by the user. Participants were given access to a modified version of the app that only included their allocated intervention, and was instructed to engage with one tool of their choosing per night, with the proviso that it was acceptable to miss occasional nights. Although Unmind can be accessed via a web app, participants were instructed to download the mobile app (via the Apple or Google Play stores), given that the interventions are designed to be used during sleeping hours. Participants had access to versions 2.90.0–2.99.0 of the mobile app, and no major app changes or updates were launched during the study period.Screenshots of (A) The Tools homepage, (B) Example content available within the Sleep Tales category, and (C) An example of a Sleep Tale being played via the app’s built-in media player.Primary outcomes were based on guidelines for evaluating novel health interventions, including conducting pilot trials [37, 38], and included the following:Feasibility: recruitment, intervention uptake, and retention at t1.Acceptability: intervention adherence (including the average number and length of tool sessions completed, and the proportion of participants completing an average of three tools per week, or 12 in total), participant satisfaction, and reasons for nonadherence.Engagement: average number of tool sessions completed, average total duration of tool usage, self-reported conditions that prompt tool usage, self-reported pattern of tool usage, and one question adapted from section B of the Mobile App Rating Scale (MARS [39]).Transferability: One item adapted from section E of the MARS.Relevance: One item assessing subjective self-reported of the interventions.Lasting negative effects: One item adapted from recent guidelines on assessing negative effects [37, 40]; the proportion of participants whose self-reported mental health and sleep disturbance scores (as measured by the Patient Health Questionnaire-4 [PHQ-4] and the PROMIS Sleep Disturbance Short Form [SD-SF]) reliably deteriorated from t0 to t1 (as recommended by [40]).Preregistered secondary outcomes included the following self-report measures, completed at t0 and t1 for all study arms, and t2 for the WL group only.The SD-SF measures perceived difficulties with getting to or staying asleep, as well as perceived adequacy of and satisfaction with sleep, and is universal rather than disorder-specific [41]. Respondents are asked to rate each of the eight items on a 5-point Likert scale (from 0 to 5) over a 7-day recall period. Total scores range from 8 to 40 with higher scores indicating greater sleep disturbance. Raw scores are converted to standardized T-scores with a mean of 50 and standard deviation (SD) of 10. The SD-SF has excellent reliability (0.90 or above), and greater measurement precision than the widely used Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) [41].The PROMIS sleep-related impairment short form 8a (SRI-SF) captures self-reported perceptions of alertness, sleepiness, and tiredness during usual waking hours, as well as sleep-related functional impairments during wakefulness, and is universal rather than disorder-specific [41]. The response options, recall period, scoring, and interpretation are equivalent to the SD-SF. The SRI-SF has excellent reliability (0.90 or above), and greater measurement precision than both the Epworth Sleepiness Scale and PSQI [41].Participants were asked to complete the first two questions of the Medical Outcomes Study Sleep Scale [42] which ask about (1) the time taken to fall asleep, and (2) the number of hours of sleep each night, using a 4-week recall period.The work productivity and activity impairment (WPAI) is a 6-item self-report measure of health-related work productivity loss for the employed population [43]. This study used the specific health problem version (WPAI:SHP), with “poor sleep” being the target problem. The WPAI uses a 1-week recall period. The WPAI produces four scores (expressed as percentage impairment) that capture (1) absenteeism (work time missed), (2) presenteeism (impairment at work/ reduced on-the-job effectiveness), (3) work productivity loss (overall work impairment/ absenteeism plus presenteeism), and (4) activity impairment. The WPAI has sufficient construct validity and test–retest reliability (with correlation coefficients ranging from 0.71 to 0.87 for overall productivity loss).The Short Warwick-Edinburgh mental well-being scale (SWEMWBS) is designed to measure aspects of mental well-being that relate predominantly to functioning, and uses a 2-week recall period [44]. Respondents are asked to rate each item on a 5-point Likert scale from 1 = “None of the time” to 5 = “All of the time.” Raw scores are transformed into metric scores ranging from 7 to 35, with higher scores indicating greater positive mental well-being. The SWEMWBS has high internal consistency (a = 0.84 [45]).The Unmind Index is a 26-item measure designed to capture key components of positive mental well-being and specific symptoms of mental ill health, using a 2-week recall period [46]. Respondents are asked to rate each item on a 6-point Likert scale from 0 = “No days” to 5 = “Every day.” The Unmind Index comprises a general factor (the Overall Score) and seven subscales, each of which is scored by normalizing and standardizing raw mean scores to population norms, with a resulting mean of 100 and SD of 15. The Overall Score is calculated as the mean of the subscale scores, and also has a mean of 100, with higher scores indicating less symptomatology and greater well-being. The Unmind Index shows excellent internal consistency for the Overall Score (McDonald’s hierarchical omega = 0.92).The PHQ-4 is a brief, 4-item measure designed to capture core symptoms of depression and anxiety over a 2-week recall period [47]. Respondents are asked to rate each item on a 4-point Likert scale ranging from 0 = “Not at all,” to 3 = “Nearly every day.” Scores are interpreted as follows: normal (0–2), mild (3–5), moderate (6–8), and severe (9–12). The PHQ-4 has strong psychometric properties including good internal consistency (a = 0.85).The JSS is a brief, 4-item measure that evaluates the frequency and intensity of certain sleep difficulties [35], and was used in the current study to screen for the presence of disturbed sleep during recruitment. Participants are asked to indicate the frequency with which they have experienced specific sleep problems over the past month, using a 5-point Likert scale (0 = “Not at all,” 1 = “1–3 days,” 2 = “4–7 days,” 3 = “8–14 days,” 4 = ‘15–21 days, 5 = “22–31 days”). Total scores range from 0 to 20, with higher scores indicating greater sleep disturbance. A cutoff of ≥7 was used to identify individuals with self-reported disturbed sleep, based on previous receiver operator analyses [48, 49].Participants were presented with a demographics questionnaire at t0 designed to capture age, sex, gender identity, ethnicity, education, employment status, workplace industry, and other characteristics related to sleep (see Table 1).Participant demographics and baseline characteristicsParticipant demographics and baseline characteristicsParticipants were presented with a feedback questionnaire at t1 (or t2 for the WL group) designed to capture intervention engagement, satisfaction, and other feasibility outcomes, which included questions adapted from the MARS.Progression criteria for a definitive trial were predefined as per formal guidelines [50] and were as follows: (1) full study recruitment within 1 month, (2) ≥80% of participants in the intervention arms signing up to Unmind, (3) ≥50% of participants reporting being “satisfied” or “very satisfied” with their allocated intervention and rating the quality as “good” or “excellent,” and (4) the 95% CI on between-group effect sizes (NW or ST vs. WL) for self-reported sleep quality (measured via the SD-SF) including at least a small effect (Hedges’ g = 0.2). The latter two criteria were evaluated for each intervention arm separately.This study was powered for CIs on the feasibility outcomes. A sample size calculation indicated that approximately 100 participants were required to estimate feasibility outcomes with a margin of error of ≤10% (based on a conservative population proportion of 50% for retention and adherence, and a 95% CI). This is consistent with previous guidelines suggesting that 60 to 100 participants per intervention arm are optimal for estimating binary outcomes in pilot RCTs [51]. We, therefore, aimed to recruit 300 participants in total. Previous data suggested that approximately 20% of individuals from the general population would meet our criterion for disturbed sleep (scoring ≥7 on the JSS [52]). On this basis, we estimated that approximately 2000 individuals would need to be screened to achieve a final sample size of 300.Descriptive statistics were used to report on demographics and primary outcomes. Categorical data were reported as proportions in each response category, and Fisher’s exact test of independence was used to compare responses and attrition between intervention arms (two-tailed). Logistic regression was used to test for changes in self-reported sleep onset latency (captured as a categorical variable) with predictors “group,” “timepoint,” and their interaction included in the model (P values <0.05 were considered significant). Objective in-app usage data was provided by Unmind. Since the intervention sessions are long and designed to be used flexibly, an individual session was characterized as complete if the total play time was ≥5 minutes. Since Tools can be looped or replayed, we also calculated the number of intervention sessions played based on duration (where a single session looped once would count as two plays), and the total summed duration of Tool usage across the intervention period. Finally, we report the proportion of participants who completed ≥12 intervention sessions in total, which was the predefined threshold for per protocol engagement.Change in secondary outcome measures from t0 to t1 was analyzed using linear mixed-effects models (LMEs) with restricted maximum likelihood estimation (via the “lmerTest” package in R) and intention-to-treat principles. Each model included a within-participant factor “time” (with levels: t0 and t1), a between-participant factor “group” (ST, NW, or WL), and their interaction as fixed effects, and a separate baseline for each participant (random intercepts). For each outcome, we report the estimated marginal means (EMMs) with standard errors (SE) for each time point and group, within-group contrasts comparing the change in scores from t0 to t1 (with SE and P values), and between-group P values for interaction effects (NW or ST versus WL), with values <.05 being considered significant. We also report a standardized effect size (Hedges’ g with 95% CI) for each between-group contrast. Hedges’ g was calculated using EMMs (as opposed to raw data, which require the use of complete cases only) and pooled SDs, using equations 1 and 2 from Nakagawa and Cuthill, and equations 15 and 16 to calculate 95% CIs [53].To analyze changes in secondary outcomes in the WL group from t1 to t2, models were adjusted to only include a single within-subject factor “time” (with levels: t1 and t2). We thus report on the main effect of time, with EMMs and SE for each time point. Hedges’ g was calculated as described above, but was based on the mean difference in scores between t1 and t2, and using equation 18 from Nakagawa and Cuthill to calculate standard error [53].Due to a technical error, we were unable to link individual questionnaire responses to objective engagement data, and were thus unable to conduct per-protocol analyses or exploratory dose–response analyses.Participants' demographics and other baseline variables are presented in Table 1. The sample was 71.7% female, 91.3% White, and had a mean age of 35.5 years (SD = 9.0, range = 18–64). On average, participants scored approximately one SD above population norms for sleep disturbance and sleep-related impairment at baseline, and reported sleeping a median of 6 hours 15 minutes per night (SD = 1 hour 6 minutes); 45 minutes less than the lower bound of the healthy 7–9 hours range [4]. 193 (64.3%) participants reported a sleep onset latency of ≥45 minutes. Participants also scored between 0.5–1 SD below population norms on measures of mental health and well-being, and reported high rates of presenteeism and activity-related impairment due to poor sleep. Despite this, self-reported absenteeism was low, and only two participants had a previously diagnosed sleep disorder.The screening stage and main trial were both fully enrolled within 48 hours of launching the respective study adverts on Prolific. The participant flow through the trial is shown in Figure 2. Of the 1999 participants who completed screening, 1212 were eligible, of which 303 completed a baseline assessment. Two participants withdrew post-randomization, and one self-reported being unemployed, leaving 300 participants in the analysis. 282 (94%) participants were retained at t1, and there was no significant difference in attrition between groups (p = 0.318). 91 (90.1%) participants from the WL group were retained at t2.CONSORT chart of participant flow through the study.A summary of objective intervention engagement is shown in Table 2. Of the 199 participants randomized to an intervention arm, 180 (90.5%) signed up for Unmind and completed at least one session. On average, participants completed a session in the app on 12.7 (SD = 10) separate occasions. When calculating the number of intervention sessions played based on duration, this increased to 25.3 (SD = 23.5) sessions, suggesting that participants may have frequently replayed the same session. Total session playtime across the 4-week intervention period averaged 10.9 hours (SD = 10.3). Of the 180 participants who used the app, 80 (44.4%) engaged on ≥12 separate occasions (the predefined threshold for per protocol engagement). Participants mostly commonly reported using the intervention sessions to help fall asleep (53.7% of all multi-select responses), followed by relaxing shortly before going to bed (30.5%), and less frequently as an aid to get back to sleep after waking in the night (14.7%).Summary of objective intervention engagement for the two study interventions and overallSummary of objective intervention engagement for the two study interventions and overallSelf-reported barriers to intervention engagement, and factors that made participants more or less likely to engage with the interventions on specific nights, are reported in Supplementary Table S1. Barriers to overall engagement included sleep naturally improving, a change in routine or circumstance, not perceiving the interventions to be helpful, a lack of time, or other reasons (with forgetting to engage being frequently cited). Participants were more likely to engage with the interventions on nights when they had a busy mind or racing thoughts, were not feeling tired or ready for sleep, were feeling more stressed or anxious than normal, or had slept badly on previous nights. Barriers to engaging on specific nights included forgetting, feeling ready to sleep without any aids, not having time, having a change in sleeping arrangements, and practical reasons (such as a low mobile battery).Post-intervention feedback ratings are shown in Table 3. 82.1% of participants reported they were either “satisfied” (45.1%) or “very satisfied” (37.0%) with their allocated intervention, and 84.3% rated the quality of their intervention as either “good” (43.5%) or “excellent” (40.8%). When asked if they would recommend the interventions to people who might benefit from them, 51.7% of participants said they would recommend them to “many people” or to “everyone.” Ratings did not significantly differ between intervention arms.Post-intervention feedback ratings at t1. P values are from Fisher’s exact tests comparing ratings between intervention armsPost-intervention feedback ratings at t1. P values are from Fisher’s exact tests comparing ratings between intervention armsOne participant randomized to ST “slightly agreed” that the intervention resulted in lasting negative effects. This individual reported waking up in the middle of night and having trouble getting back to sleep. Qualitative feedback suggested they would have preferred music-based rather than narration-based tools. Similarly, one participant randomized to NW “strongly agreed” that the intervention resulted in lasting negative effects. This individual reported experiencing headaches and worsened sleep following intervention use. Qualitative feedback suggested that the repetitive nature of the sounds featured in the NW tools resulted in increased anxiety. A further nine participants selected “not sure” when asked whether the interventions resulted in negative effects. However, analysis of secondary outcomes showed increases in sleep duration, and decreases in sleep disturbance, sleep-related impairment, and symptoms of depression and anxiety in this subgroup, suggesting they may have misunderstood the question.When investigating reliable deterioration in outcome measures from t0 to t1 (for the SD-SF, SRI-SF, SWEMWBS, and PHQ-4), the proportion of participants reporting deterioration ranged from 6.4% to 12.6% for the control group, and 1.1% to 4% for the intervention groups (see Table 4). Together, this suggests that the interventions pose very minimal risk of unwanted effects, but may in rare cases be unsuited to specific individuals.Participants who reported reliable deterioration from t0 to t1, based on reliable change indexParticipants who reported reliable deterioration from t0 to t1, based on reliable change indexChanges in secondary outcomes were evaluated using intention-to-treat analyses. Table 5 shows EMMs for each outcome measure (by group and timepoint), pre–post within-group contrast estimates, between-group Hedge’s g effect sizes, and P values for each group x time interaction effect. For completeness, we report raw scores at t0 and t1 from complete cases only in Supplementary Table S2, which are largely equivalent to the EMMs. Both study interventions resulted in significant between-group improvements for sleep disturbance, sleep-related impairment, total sleep duration, symptoms of depression and anxiety, and mental well-being (see Table 5 for P values). Standardized, between-group Hedge’s g effect sizes were large for both sleep disturbance (ST: g = 0.92, 95% CI [0.63–1.22]; NW: g = 1.09, 95% CI [0.80–1.39]) and sleep-related impairment (ST: g = 0.80, 95% CI [0.51–1.09]; NW: g = 0.91, 95% CI [0.62–1.20]), moderate for total sleep duration (ST: g = 0.56, 95% CI [0.27–0.84]; NW: g = 0.57, 95% CI [0.29–0.85]), and in the moderate–large range for all other mental health and well-being outcomes (see Table 5). Participants in the intervention groups reported sleeping an additional 35 minutes (SD = 6 minutes) a night at t1 compared to t0.Estimates marginal means (ITT sample) from linear mixed effects models with standardized effect sizesEstimates marginal means (ITT sample) from linear mixed effects models with standardized effect sizesBoth interventions also significantly reduced sleep onset latency relative to the WL group. At t0, a total of 65.7% of participants in the ST arm and 73.0% in the NW arm reported a sleep onset latency of >30 minutes, which dropped to 33.3% and 34.7% at t1, respectively (see Table 6). Logistic regression with group x time interactions revealed that these changes were statistically significant for both ST (b = −1.29, SE = 0.59, p = 0.029) and NW (b = −1.18, SE = 0.59, p = 0.048), relative to the WL group. Both interventions also resulted in significant between-group improvements in sleep-related presenteeism, total work impairment, and daily activity impairment, but not absenteeism (ST: P = 0.221; NW: p = 0.055; see Table 5). However, absenteeism rates were low at baseline. Between-group Hedge’s g effect sizes were in the small–moderate range for presenteeism, total work impairment, and daily activity impairment (see Table 5).Self-reported sleep onset latency for each study arm and timepoint.Self-reported sleep onset latency for each study arm and timepoint.All predefined trial progression criteria were met, suggesting that a definitive trial is warranted.Of the 101 participants randomized to the WL group at baseline, 94 (93.1%) were retained at t2. Following the WL period, 51 participants (50.5%) signed up for the Unmind app and completed at least one intervention session. On average, participants completed a session in the app on 6.5 (SD = 6.5) separate occasions (see Table 3). When calculating the number of intervention sessions played based on duration, this increased to 13.7 (SD = 17.2). Total session playtime across the 4-week follow-up period averaged 6.2 hours (SD = 8.0).Feedback ratings and preliminary efficacy findings from the WL group are presented in (Supplementary Materials Tables S3–S4), and engagement data is included in Table 3. Briefly, 14 participants (27.5%) engaged with ST only, 12 (23.5%) engaged with NW only, and 25 (49.0%) engaged with both interventions. Of those who self-reported engaging with both interventions, 60.0% expressed a preference for NW, 34.0% had a preference for ST, and 6.0% had no preference. Participants most frequently reported using the intervention sessions to help fall asleep (51.8% of all multi-select responses), followed by relaxing shortly before going to bed (30.9%), and less frequently as an aid to get back to sleep after waking in the night (14.5%). The primary barrier to engagement was forgetting to use the interventions. Of those who self-reported using Unmind, 78.4% rated the quality of the interventions as “good” (47.3%) or “excellent” (31.1%), and 75.7% were either “satisfied” (47.3%) or “very satisfied” (28.4%) with the interventions.Preliminary efficacy findings were largely consistent with the between-group RCT findings, with LMEs revealing significant t1 to t2 improvements across all secondary outcome measures, except for absenteeism (p = 0.618). Within-group Hedges’ g effect sizes were in the moderate-large range for sleep disturbance and sleep-related impairment, and either small or moderate for all other secondary outcomes (see Supplementary Table S4).Many individuals without a diagnosed disorder experience poor sleep, and this can have serious health and economic consequences. Recently, there has been surge in use of smartphone-based audio tools to aid sleep by the general public, yet little is known about the effectiveness of such tools. This study reports on the feasibility and preliminary efficacy of two categories of audio-based tools for sleep, featured on the Unmind MHapp, when delivered to working adults with sleep disturbance. The study methods and interventions were found to be feasible, and all preregistered criteria for progression to a definitive trial were met.We were able to rapidly recruit a large sample of participants from the public who self-reported poor sleep at baseline using a validated screening measure. Participants self-reported significantly higher sleep disturbance and sleep-related impairment than population norms at baseline, including 40% impaired productivity whilst working due to poor sleep, despite not having a diagnosed sleep disorder. Participant retention and adherence were largely consistent with or higher than comparable studies. For example, only 6% of participants were lost at t1, which compares favorably to attrition rates of 21.6% (±16.9) reported in a recent meta-analysis of CBT for insomnia trials [54]. This may be due to the brevity of the intervention period, use of the Prolific recruitment platform (which is associated with high participant response rates), a focus on subclinical sleep disturbance, and reimbursing participants at each study time point. Similarly, 90.1% of participants accessed their allocated intervention and completed at least one session.Post-intervention feedback ratings were largely positive, with 82.1% of participants reporting they were either “satisfied” or “very satisfied” with their allocated intervention, and 84.3% rating the quality of their intervention as either “good” or “excellent.” Ratings were similarly positive in the pragmatic waitlist group (who were given access to both interventions later). This is largely consistent with previous interventions evaluated on the Unmind MHapp [36]. Intervention engagement and feedback ratings were equivalent across the two audio tool categories, though participants in the pragmatic waitlist group mostly reported preferring one category over the other. This suggests that giving individuals choice over a wide variety of audio tools could facilitate intervention uptake and engagement.Despite being encouraged to engage with the interventions each night over 4 weeks, participants completed an average of 12.7 separate sessions (with substantial variability across participants), and 44% completed the predefined threshold for per protocol engagement (12 sessions). As expected, engagement was lower in the pragmatic waitlist group, who were not given specific instructions and were free to engage as little or as often as desired. Unfortunately, we were unable to gather meaningful feedback in this study from participants in the waitlist group who chose not to use Unmind. Of those that did engage with the app, the primary barrier to engagement in both intervention arms and the waitlist group was forgetting to use the interventions, suggesting that future versions of the app (or a future definitive trial) should incorporate reminders. Participants also reported a range of other factors that impacted engagement, suggesting that tool usage is likely to naturally fluctuate over time in relation to individual circumstances.Preliminary efficacy findings suggest that both interventions are associated with reductions in sleep disturbance and sleep-related impairment, with scores dropping from approximately 1 SD above population norms to normative levels, and between-group Hedge’s g effect sizes in the large range. This suggests that using the audio tools just a few times per week may be sufficient to experience significant improvements in sleep. Participants also reported sleeping an additional 35 minutes a night, with significant reductions in sleep onset latency post-intervention. This is broadly consistent with previous evidence that music can increase sleep quality and duration, as well as reduce sleep onset latency [24, 55], though this is one of the first RCTs to use a mobile app as the delivery medium, and to include narrated stories as an intervention arm.In addition to improvements in sleep, the interventions also had a significant beneficial impact on self-reported symptoms of depression and anxiety, work- and activity-related impairment, and mental well-being, with effect sizes in the medium range. This is consistent with a recent meta-analysis reporting that interventions that improve sleep quality also result in medium-sized improvements across several mental health outcomes, such as depression, anxiety, stress, and composite measures of mental health [56], as well as with recent evidence that sleep is causally related to the experience of mental health difficulties [17]. Although the precise mechanisms underlying this relationship remain unclear, one potential explanation involves changes in aspects of emotion regulation. For example, previous research suggests that poor sleep can amplify the adverse effect of negative life events, dull the beneficial impact of positive events, and is associated with more frequent use of emotion regulation strategies that might be detrimental to good mental health [57, 58]. A future definitive trial should aim to explore these mechanisms with a reduced and more targeted set of secondary outcomes.The audio tools evaluated in this study may have more widespread application and fewer barriers to adoption than more structured interventions, and may be helpful for individuals low in motivation (e.g. due to comorbid symptoms of depression or anxiety) since they do not require focused attention or learning new skills. Previous research suggests that the core active components of CBT for insomnia (which include sleep restriction therapy and stimulus control therapy) can be challenging, resulting in suboptimal adherence and reduced potential for treatment gains [59]. However, the present interventions are not intended as a replacement for CBT (or as a treatment for insomnia), and lower engagement levels in the pragmatic waitlist group suggest further research is needed to establish adherence patterns in both controlled and real-world settings. In addition, whilst these early findings suggest the study interventions may be efficacious in their own right, they could also have application as an adjunct to more structured treatment programs, and future research could explore this.While this study did not explore the mechanisms via which the interventions improve sleep, it provides some preliminary support for the idea that listening to the tools might specifically shift attention away from inhibitory presleep cognitive processes (such as worrying about sleep, monitoring, or focusing on threat cues). This is because most participants reported using the tools as a means to fall asleep, and were more likely to engage with the tools on nights when they were feeling stressed or experiencing racing thoughts. However, this study did not directly investigate underlying mechanisms of action, and future research should aim to address this if we are to fully understand the potential impact and application of such tools.To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to demonstrate both feasibility and preliminary efficacy of app-based tools designed to aid sleep in a nonclinical sample. If these findings are replicated in a definitive trial, they could have widespread financial and public health implications for policymakers and employers. App-based audio tools such as those evaluated in this study are safe, affordable, widely accessible, and easy to use compared to structured interventions that require active learning or behavior change. Their wide availability means they may also be useful as an early intervention, preventing mild problems from becoming disordered, though further research is needed to test this hypothesis.This study has several strengths. First, intervention adherence and engagement were objectively captured via the study app. Second, participant retention was high, reducing the potential impact of missing data on study findings. Third, all study outcomes and analyses were prospectively registered, precluding any selective reporting of outcomes or nonpublication of findings. Fourth, participants were screened for poor sleep using a well-validated measure of sleep disturbance. Fifth, participants were given access to a restricted version of the Unmind app, ensuring they only engaged with their allocated intervention. Sixth, we used an efficient multi-arm design to evaluate two separate but related interventions concurrently. Seventh, participants represented a wide age range of 18–64 years old.One limitation of this study is that sleep quality and other mental health measures were captured immediately post-intervention with no follow-up period. Future research should aim to explore whether any outcome improvements are maintained over time, either with or without continued use of the interventions, as well as how frequently they need to be used to be beneficial. Such information could help to inform more meaningful per-protocol analyses in future RCTs, help to guide in-app engagement recommendations, and shed light on potential mechanisms of action. For example, if improvements in sleep following intervention use are short-lived, it might suggest that the audio tools predominantly act by counteracting presleep arousal or inhibitory cognitive processes, as opposed to changing underlying beliefs about sleep.Similarly, we were unable to conduct exploratory dose–response analyses in this study, and could not test whether increased use of the study interventions predicts larger improvements in sleep. This should be explored in a fully powered trial if we are to understand the true impact of the interventions. We also used a passive control group as opposed to an active control group in which participants engage with activities matched for duration, attention, and interest. Passive controls can lead to inflated estimates of treatment effects, and do not account for nonspecific placebo effects. Although it is useful in practical terms to estimate this combined effect of the Unmind app, active controls are needed to estimate the specific impact and mechanisms underlying the study interventions. In addition, whilst we deliberately captured a broad set of mental health outcomes to estimate the scope of effects of this novel intervention type, a future definitive trial could use a more targeted set of outcomes, with less overlap between the constructs measured.Another limitation is that participants were predominantly White and approximately 70% female (though females have a higher risk of developing sleep problems than males [9]), and thus future studies could aim to recruit more diverse and balanced study samples. Similarly, as with most web-based trials, participants were not blinded to group allocation. Finally, the participant pool was self-selected, and it remains unknown to what extent the present findings are generalizable to the wider working population.To the best of our knowledge, this is one of the first studies to evaluate the feasibility and preliminary efficacy of app-based audio tools designed to aid sleep in the general public. We show that such tools are feasible and may result in significant improvements in sleep quality, work productivity, and other mental health outcomes, when used by working adults without a sleep disorder. These findings were broadly replicated under both controlled and more pragmatic study conditions. Given their wide accessibility and ease of use, such interventions could have extensive financial and public health implications, and should be further investigated in a definitive RCT.The authors would like to thank the study participants for their time, and the team at Unmind for helping to facilitate the study.This study was funded in full by Unmind Ltd, the creator of the interventions evaluated. Authors ME, RM, and HB are employed by and own share options at Unmind Ltd. Author KC is a formal academic collaborator and receives financial compensation to provide scientific and research consulting services to Unmind Ltd. Nonfinancial disclosure: none.All authors conceived and designed the study. ME, HB, and RM collected the data. ME analyzed the data and wrote the initial draft of the manuscript with significant contribution from RM. All authors discussed the results and contributed to the final manuscript.This manuscript has been submitted as a preprint on the PsyArXiv repository.The data underlying this article will be shared on reasonable request to the corresponding author.Liu TZ, et al. . Sleep duration and risk of all-cause mortality: a flexible, non-linear, meta-regression of 40 prospective cohort studies. Sleep Med Rev. 2017;32:28–36. doi: 10.1016/j.smrv.2016.02.005Google ScholarWorldCatMedic G, et al. . Short- and long-term health consequences of sleep disruption. Nat Sci Sleep. 2017;9:151–161. doi: 10.2147/NSS.S134864Google ScholarWorldCatPatel SR, et al. . Sleep duration and biomarkers of inflammation. Sleep. 2009;32(2):200–204. doi: 10.1093/sleep/32.2.200Google ScholarWorldCatWatson NF, et al. .. Recommended amount of sleep for a healthy adult: a joint consensus statement of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine and Sleep Research Society. J Clin Sleep Med. 2015;11(06):591–592. doi: 10.5664/jcsm.4758Google ScholarWorldCatFord ES, et al. . Trends in insomnia and excessive daytime sleepiness among US adults from 2002 to 2012. Sleep Med. 2015;16(3):372–378. doi: 10.1016/j.sleep.2014.12.008Google ScholarWorldCatLiu Y, et al. . Prevalence of healthy sleep duration among adults — United States, 2014. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2016;6(65):136–141. doi: 10.15585/mmwr.mm6506a1Google ScholarWorldCatLéger D, et al. . Short sleep in young adults: insomnia or sleep debt? Prevalence and clinical description of short sleep in a representative sample of 1004 young adults from France. Sleep Med. 2011;12(5):454–462. doi: 10.1016/j.sleep.2010.12.012Google ScholarWorldCatDopheide JA. Insomnia overview: epidemiology, pathophysiology, diagnosis and monitoring, and nonpharmacologic therapy. Am J Manag Care. 2020;26(suppl 4):S76–S84. doi: 10.37765/ajmc.2020.42769Google ScholarWorldCatMallampalli MP, et al. . Exploring sex and gender differences in sleep health: a society for Women’s Health Research Report. J Womens Health. 2014;23(7):553–562. doi: 10.1089/jwh.2014.4816Google ScholarWorldCatStrine TW, et al. . Associations of frequent sleep insufficiency with health-related quality of life and health behaviors. Sleep Med. 2005;6(1):23–27. doi: 10.1016/j.sleep.2004.06.003Google ScholarWorldCatHafner M, et al. . Why sleep matters—The economic costs of insufficient sleep. Rand Health Q. 2017;6(4):11.Google ScholarWorldCatJarecki S, et al. . Sleep And Its Role In Employee Health. Goodpath; 2021. https://f.hubspotusercontent40.net/hubfs/7420342/Sleep%20and%20Its%20Role%20In%20Employee%20Health_GEHI.pdfGoogle ScholarGoogle PreviewWorldCatPilcher JJ, et al. . Sleep and organizational behavior: implications for workplace productivity and safety. Front Psychol. 2020;11:45. doi: 10.3389/fpsyg.2020.00045Google ScholarWorldCatHorne S, et al. . An evaluation of sleep disturbance on in-patient psychiatric units in the UK. BJPsych Bull. 2018;42(5):193–197. doi: 10.1192/bjb.2018.42Google ScholarWorldCatKrystal AD, et al. . Sleep disturbance in psychiatric disorders: effects on function and quality of life in mood disorders, alcoholism, and schizophrenia. Ann Clin Psychiatry. 2008;20(1):39–46. doi: 10.1080/10401230701844661Google ScholarWorldCatFreeman D, et al. . The effects of improving sleep on mental health (OASIS): a randomised controlled trial with mediation analysis. Lancet Psychiatry. 2017;4(10):749–758. doi: 10.1016/S2215-0366(17)30328-0.Google ScholarWorldCatFreeman D, et al. . Sleep disturbance and psychiatric disorders. Lancet Psychiatry. 2020;7(7):628–637. doi: 10.1016/S2215-0366(20)30136-X.Google ScholarWorldCatWeisel KK, et al. . Standalone smartphone apps for mental health—a systematic review and meta-analysis. Npj Digit Med. 2019;2(1):118. doi: 10.1038/s41746-019-0188-8Google ScholarWorldCatRod NH, et al. . Overnight smartphone use: a new public health challenge? A novel study design based on high-resolution smartphone data. van Wouwe JP, ed. PLoS One. 2018;13(10):e0204811. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0204811Google ScholarWorldCatShin JC, et al. . Mobile phone interventions for sleep disorders and sleep quality: systematic review. JMIR MHealth UHealth. 2017;5(9):e131. doi: 10.2196/mhealth.7244Google ScholarWorldCatYe Y, et al. . Internet-based cognitive–behavioural therapy for insomnia (ICBT-i): a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. BMJ Open. 2016;6(11):e010707. doi: 10.1136/bmjopen-2015-010707Google ScholarWorldCatHuberty J, et al. . Use of the consumer-based meditation app calm for sleep disturbances: cross-sectional survey study. JMIR Form Res. 2020;4(11):e19508. doi: 10.2196/19508Google ScholarWorldCatFeng F, et al. . Can music improve sleep quality in adults with primary insomnia? A systematic review and network meta-analysis. Int J Nurs Stud. 2018;77:189–196. doi: 10.1016/j.ijnurstu.2017.10.011Google ScholarWorldCatde Niet G, et al. . Music-assisted relaxation to improve sleep quality: meta-analysis. J Adv Nurs. 2009;65(7):1356–1364. doi: 10.1111/j.1365-2648.2009.04982.xGoogle ScholarWorldCatTang YW, et al. . Music-based intervention for improving sleep quality of adults without sleep disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Behav Sleep Med. 2022;20(2):241–259. doi: 10.1080/15402002.2021.1915787Google ScholarWorldCatRiedy SM, et al. . Noise as a sleep aid: a systematic review. Sleep Med Rev. 2021;55:101385. doi: 10.1016/j.smrv.2020.101385Google ScholarWorldCatKirk U, et al. . Using Actigraphy and Heart Rate Variability (HRV) to assess sleep quality and sleep arousal of three app-based interventions: sleep music, sleepcasts, and guided mindfulness. J Cogn Enhanc. 2021;6:216–231. doi:10.1007/s41465-021-00233-4Google ScholarWorldCatHuberty JL, et al. . Testing a mindfulness meditation mobile app for the treatment of sleep-related symptoms in adults with sleep disturbance: a randomized controlled trial. Taheri S, ed. PLoS One. 2021;16(1):e0244717. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0244717Google ScholarWorldCatSakamoto M, et al. . Comparing the effects of different individualized music interventions for elderly individuals with severe dementia. Int Psychogeriatr. 2013;25(5):775–784. doi: 10.1017/s1041610212002256Google ScholarWorldCatLemyre A, et al. . Pre-sleep cognitive activity in adults: a systematic review. Sleep Med Rev. 2020;50:101253. doi: 10.1016/j.smrv.2019.101253Google ScholarWorldCatEldridge SM, et al. . CONSORT 2010 statement: extension to randomised pilot and feasibility trials. BMJ. 2016:;355i5239. doi:10.1136/bmj.i5239Google ScholarWorldCatEldridge SM, et al. . Defining feasibility and pilot studies in preparation for randomised controlled trials: development of a conceptual framework. PLoS One. 2016;11(3):e0150205. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0150205Google ScholarWorldCatSchulz KF, et al. .. CONSORT 2010 statement: updated guidelines for reporting parallel group randomised trials. BMJ. 2010;340(mar23 1):c332–c332. doi: 10.1136/bmj.c332Google ScholarWorldCatJuszczak E, et al. . Reporting of multi-arm parallel-group randomized trials: extension of the CONSORT 2010 statement. JAMA. 2019;321(16):16101610. doi: 10.1001/jama.2019.3087Google ScholarWorldCatJenkins CD, et al. . A scale for the estimation of sleep problems in clinical research. J Clin Epidemiol. 1988;41(4):313–321. doi: 10.1016/0895-4356(88)90138-2Google ScholarWorldCatEconomides M, et al. . Feasibility and preliminary efficacy of web-based and mobile interventions for common mental health problems in working adults: multi-arm randomized pilot trial. JMIR Form Res. 2022;6(3):e34032. doi: 10.2196/34032Google ScholarWorldCatCrawford MJ, et al. . Patient experience of negative effects of psychological treatment: results of a national survey. Br J Psychiatry. 2016;208(3):260–265. doi: 10.1192/bjp.bp.114.162628Google ScholarWorldCatO’Cathain A, et al. . Guidance on how to develop complex interventions to improve health and healthcare. BMJ Open. 2019;9(8):e029954. doi:10.1136/bmjopen-2019-029954Google ScholarWorldCatStoyanov SR, et al. . Mobile app rating scale: a new tool for assessing the quality of health mobile apps. JMIR MHealth UHealth. 2015;3(1):e27. doi: 10.2196/mhealth.3422Google ScholarWorldCatRozental A, et al. . Consensus statement on defining and measuring negative effects of Internet interventions. Internet Interv. 2014;1(1):12–19. doi: 10.1016/j.invent.2014.02.001Google ScholarWorldCatYu L, et al. . Development of short forms from the PROMISTM sleep disturbance and sleep-related impairment item banks. Behav Sleep Med. 2012;10(1):6–24. doi: 10.1080/15402002.2012.636266Google ScholarWorldCatStewart AL, et al. . Measuring functioning and well-being: the medical outcomes study approach. Duke University Press; 1992.Google ScholarGoogle PreviewWorldCatReilly MC, et al. . The validity and reproducibility of a work productivity and activity impairment instrument. PharmacoEcon. 1993;4(5):353–365. doi: 10.2165/00019053-199304050-00006Google ScholarWorldCatStewart-Brown S, et al. . Internal construct validity of the Warwick-Edinburgh Mental Well-being Scale (WEMWBS): a Rasch analysis using data from the Scottish Health Education Population Survey. Health Qual Life Outcomes. 2009;7(1):15. doi: 10.1186/1477-7525-7-15Google ScholarWorldCatNg Fat L, et al. . Evaluating and establishing national norms for mental wellbeing using the short Warwick–Edinburgh Mental Well-being Scale (SWEMWBS): findings from the Health Survey for England. Qual Life Res. 2017;26(5):1129–1144. doi: 10.1007/s11136-016-1454-8Google ScholarWorldCatSierk A, et al. . A new digital assessment of mental health and well-being in the workplace: development and validation of the Unmind Index. JMIR Ment Health. 2022;9(1):e34103. doi: 10.2196/34103Google ScholarWorldCatKroenke K, et al. . An ultra-brief screening scale for anxiety and depression: the PHQ-4. Psychosomatics. 2009;50(6):613–621. doi: 10.1176/appi.psy.50.6.613Google ScholarWorldCatDuruoz MT, et al. . Assessment of the validity and reliability of the Jenkins Sleep Scale in ankylosing spondylitis. Int J Rheum Dis. 2019;22(2):275–279. doi: 10.1111/1756-185X.13447Google ScholarWorldCatUnal-Ulutatar C, et al. . Psychometric properties of Turkish version of Jenkins sleep scale in fibromyalgia syndrome. Adv Rheumatol. 2020;60(1):22. doi: 10.1186/s42358-020-0123-3Google ScholarWorldCatMbuagbaw L, et al. . The reporting of progression criteria in protocols of pilot trials designed to assess the feasibility of main trials is insufficient: a meta-epidemiological study. Pilot Feasibility Stud. 2019;5(1):120. doi: 10.1186/s40814-019-0500-zGoogle ScholarWorldCatTeare MD, et al. . Sample size requirements to estimate key design parameters from external pilot randomised controlled trials: a simulation study. Trials. 2014;15(1):264. doi: 10.1186/1745-6215-15-264Google ScholarWorldCatTibubos AN, et al. . Measurement invariance, validation and normative data of the Jenkins Sleep Scale-4 (JSS-4) in the German general population across the life span. J Psychosom Res. 2020;130:109933. doi: 10.1016/j.jpsychores.2020.109933Google ScholarWorldCatNakagawa S, et al. . Effect size, confidence interval and statistical significance: a practical guide for biologists. Biol Rev. 2007;82(4):591–605. doi: 10.1111/j.1469-185x.2007.00027.xGoogle ScholarWorldCatSoh HL, et al. . Efficacy of digital cognitive behavioural therapy for insomnia: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. Sleep Med. 2020;75:315–325. doi: 10.1016/j.sleep.2020.08.020Google ScholarWorldCatCordi MJ, et al. . Effects of relaxing music on healthy sleep. Sci Rep. 2019;9(1):9079. doi: 10.1038/s41598-019-45608-yGoogle ScholarWorldCatScott AJ, et al. . Improving sleep quality leads to better mental health: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. Sleep Med Rev. 2021;60:101556. doi: 10.1016/j.smrv.2021.101556Google ScholarWorldCatO’Leary K, et al. . Why might poor sleep quality lead to depression? A role for emotion regulation. Cogn Emot. 2017;31(8):1698–1706. doi: 10.1080/02699931.2016.1247035Google ScholarWorldCatZhang J, et al. . Using emotion regulation strategies after sleep deprivation: ERP and behavioral findings. Cogn Affect Behav Neurosci. 2019;19(2):283–295. doi: 10.3758/s13415-018-00667-yGoogle ScholarWorldCatMellor A, et al. . Approaches to the assessment of adherence to CBT-I, predictors of adherence, and the association of adherence to outcomes: a systematic review. Sleep Med Rev. 2022;63:101620. doi: 10.1016/j.smrv.2022.101620Google ScholarWorldCatOxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford. It furthers the University's objective of excellence in research, scholarship, and education by publishing worldwideSign In or Create an AccountThis PDF is available to Subscribers OnlyFor full access to this pdf, sign in to an existing account, or purchase an annual subscription.
Please stand by, while we are checking your browser...Redirecting...Please enable Cookies and reload the page.RayID: 808946e87de19e7d
            
            IP: 202.166.198.84