Woebot is an automated conversational agent (chatbot) who helps you monitor mood and learn about yourself. Drawing from a therapeutic framework known as Cognitive Behavior Therapy, Woebot asks people how they’re feeling and what is going on in their lives in the format of brief daily conversations. Woebot also talks to you about mental health and wellness and sends you videos and other useful tools depending on your mood and needs at that moment. You can think of Woebot as a choose-your-own-adventure self-help book that is capable of storing all of your entries, and gets more specific to your needs over time.Woebot uses a combination of natural language processing, psychological expertise, excellent writing, and sense of humor to create the experience of a friendly informative conversation.In a study conducted at Stanford University, using Woebot led to significant reductions in anxiety and depression among people aged 18-28 years old, compared to an information-only control group. 85% of participants used Woebot on a daily or almost daily basis. You can read the entire peer-reviewed study.CBT is the most evidence based and widely used therapeutic approach today. In CBT, we learn to decipher the lies we are undermining ourselves with— based on the bias embedded in the things we say. For example, “I’m never going to make any friends” is an example of all-or-nothing thinking and we feel bad because we buy into this thought. Removing the (all-or-nothing) distortion reveals a more balanced thought: “I haven’t made any friends yet” or “I’m sure I’ll make one or two friends eventually” takes the sting out and helps us cope with the reality of the situation in a more productive way instead. Repeatedly challenging thoughts frees us from the tyranny of negative beliefs we have about ourselves. But here’s the rub: Like anything that’s good for us, the repeated practice part is both necessary and hard!You can read about Woebot’s core beliefs here.We originally built Woebot for young adults in college and graduate school, but today our users include teenagers right up to people in their 80s. We encourage anyone to try it and see if Woebot is a fit for you.Our mission is to make the best psychological tools radically accessible to those who need them. As such we are lucky enough to not have to charge users for Woebot’s services at this time. However, this may change at some point as we move towards establishing a sustainable business.Woebot is available for new downloads on iOS and Android devices in the U.S.Woebot only speaks English right now. Woebot looks to one day expand the language offerings but, for now, Woebot is still working on mastering the subtleties of the English language.Absolutely not. There will always be a need for traditional therapy and therapists, and there is no replacement for human connection. Woebot is an additional resource that is available in a very different way than more traditional methods of seeking help.For more information read our blog post on the role of mental health chatbots.The easiest place to change this is by tapping the ‘Check-in time’ button in Woebot’s settings. You can get to Woebot’s settings by tapping the gear icon in the top left-hand corner of the stories screen.If you sent a reply to Woebot by mistake and would like to undo it, you can long press on the reply and select the ‘Undo Message’ option from the popup menu.To request a copy of your conversations with Woebot, contact us through the app or at support@woebothealth.com from your account’s email address. You’ll be sent a copy of what you’ve said to Woebot, but know that Woebot’s replies are not currently included in the transcript.If you no longer need Woebot to check in on your moods each day, simply turn off notifications for Woebot in your device’s settings. You’ll stop receiving daily check-in notifications but you’ll still be able to check-in manually from within the app.Yes. We adhere to hospital-level security policies and procedures to protect sensitive user data. All of your data is encrypted both in transit and at rest with 256-bit encryption or higher. We also follow procedures required by GDPR and HIPAA for the anonymization and transmission of your data.To delete your account and associated data, please contact us by clicking here or submitting a request in the Woebot app. To submit a request in the Woebot app:If you’ve forgotten your Woebot account password, you can reset it by following these instructions.© 2023 Woebot Health© 2023 Woebot HealthSign up for Meeting of the Minds video & podcastsSign up for Meeting of the Minds video & podcasts© 2023 Woebot Health