Woebot is a mental health app that is available on your schedule, at a moment’s notice, to help you work through the ups and downs of life.Please note: Our North Star has always been to make mental health radically accessible. That remains our mission today. We have found that people have the best experience when Woebot is delivered within a formal healthcare setting. Therefore, we believe we will have the most impact, and will reach more people in need, by partnering with health plans and health systems to make Woebot available to the people they serve. We’re starting in the United States with an eye to expand quickly after that.For that reason, Woebot is no longer currently available to people outside of the United States. If you need immediate assistance with your mental health, we recommend you search for local resources such as counseling services, hotlines or other mental health services available in your area.Like a lot of people, Maria was struggling with anxiety during the pandemic. After trying out several different forms of therapy, she started making real progress with Woebot.“I spiral with ‘You’re not good enough.’ Woebot had me rewrite the thought, and one day I rewrote it as ‘I am human.’ That has been such a freeing thought change. I’m allowed to be messy, and that’s okay.”Sophie Pierce, Eugene OR“This is so much more than an app. It has helped me through the hardest year I’ve ever experienced, and I’m genuinely a happier, more capable person because of that help.”Woebot user“Woebot is an excellent guide and the most knowledgeable friend. The one who is only one click away and takes me out of my distress in seconds. Thank you Woebot!”Woebot userWhen we set out to create technology that was both compassionate and helpful to people, we knew that articulating the values behind its design and development – and being transparent about them – was critical. That’s why we published “Woebot’s Core Beliefs” on the very first day we launched. These beliefs guide all of the design decisions we make, and are manifested in every one of the millions of conversations that empower people who use Woebot every day.With Woebot, you’ll get actionable advice to use today and learn proven ways to better cope in the future.Learn how to swap negative self-critique for radical acts of self-compassion.Discover new, valuable insights into your authentic values, beliefs and motivations.Retrain your brain to embrace positive thinking and avoid unnecessary stress and anxiety.Get in-tune with your anxieties and desires and learn why you react the way you do.© 2023 Woebot Health© 2023 Woebot HealthSign up for Meeting of the Minds video & podcastsSign up for Meeting of the Minds video & podcasts© 2023 Woebot Health