Effective Date: August 31, 2022Read our full Privacy PolicyQuestions, comments, concerns? Please reach out: privacy@woebothealth.comThe transcripts of your conversations with Woebot are not shared with third parties, except to provide the Services, improve the Services, or to protect us and others.Never have, never will.Request to access it, correct it, or delete it, whenever you want. Share as much or as little as you like. See: How Can I Control My Personal Data?For example, we ask about your symptoms to help you reflect on your progress, customize your experience, and in some partner programs to inform your clinical care. See: What Personal Data Do You Collect & How Is It Used?For example, some technical service providers use personal data to help make the Services work. If you use Woebot through a clinical partner, it may be appropriate to share more personal data with them than with an employer or other partner. We’ll always be transparent about who sees what. See: Do You Share My Personal Data?Also see:Supplemental California Privacy NoticeSupplemental Nevada Privacy NoticeWoebot Labs, Inc. d/b/a Woebot Health (“Woebot”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy policy applies to and describes how we collect, store, use, and share personal data about you through our software, website, mobile application, documentation, and related services (together, the “Services”). References to “you” means the person whose personal data we collect, use, and process. We will manage your personal data only as described below and consistent with applicable laws. By using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this privacy policy.Back to Top​Woebot is the controller of personal data processed under this privacy policy.For further information, to exercise your rights, or if you have any questions, please see our Security Overview or contact Woebot Health’s Data Protection Officer at privacy@woebothealth.com or Attn: Data Protection Officer, Woebot Health, 535 Mission Street, 14th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States.Back to Top​See the European Union’s General Data and Protection Regulation (GDPR) guide for details on “Lawful basis for processing.” You decide how much or how little you are comfortable sharing. If you do not provide us with certain personal data, some of the Services may not work as intended.Lawful Basis for Processing: Performance of a contract, Legitimate interest, ConsentLawful Basis for Processing: Performance of a contract, Legitimate interest, ConsentLawful Basis for Processing: Performance of a contract, Legitimate interest, ConsentWoebot sometimes detects an input that might indicate you need more support than we can provide. Woebot is not a crisis service.Lawful Basis for Processing: Performance of a contract, Legitimate interest, ConsentLawful Basis for Processing: Performance of a contract, Legitimate interest, ConsentLawful Basis for Processing: Performance of a contract, Legitimate interest, ConsentLawful Basis for Processing: Performance of a contract, Legitimate interest, ConsentWoebot may maintain social media pages. Any personal data you share on the public sections of our social media pages is public and, unless otherwise required by applicable laws, is not covered by this privacy policy. Please exercise caution before sharing information that may identify you on the public sections of our social media pages. In addition, our Services may contain social media buttons to “Share Woebot.” Use of, or sharing personal data, with a social media service will also be subject to the social media service’s terms of service and privacy policy.Back to Top​We do not share your personal data with third parties except as outlined below.We use third party service providers, like Amazon Web Services, that help us provide our Services. These third parties may have limited and controlled access to personal data in connection with the services they provide such as hosting or customer service. The use of personal data by service providers outside of agreed-upon service they provide is prohibited.We may partner with organizations to conduct research studies or provide you with the Services through separate programs.Program partners may include employers, hospitals, providers, or other medical and academic partners. Clinical partner programs are a specific type of partner program that include a licensed healthcare provider.Your participation in partner programs is optional and requires your agreement with our partner for any personal data to be shared with a partner. Participation may be governed by additional terms outside this privacy policy. If you choose to participate in a partner program,The personal data we may share “For clinical partner programs (if enrolled)” and “For non-clinical partner programs (if enrolled),” is indicated in: What Personal Data Do You Collect & How Is It Used.Please note that any personal data shared with a partner program is also subject to the partner program’s terms and privacy policy. We are not responsible for the processing of personal data by partner programs. Please contact the partner program if you have any questions about their documents or practices. For research programs, please see the study’s informed consent. You may also contact the study and/or its institutional review board (IRB).Our Services may link to third parties, like helplines or other resources. Any information shared with or otherwise collected by third parties is subject to the third party’s terms and privacy policy. We are not responsible for the processing of personal data by third parties relevant to these resources.We may use your personal data to create de-identified and/or aggregated data, like approximate location information, information about the device you use to access our Services, information about conversational trends, or other analyses we create. De-identified and/or aggregated data is not personal data and we may use and share this data as permitted by applicable law, such as with academic partners. We never share your transcripts with Woebot without your consent, even de-identified.Your personal data may be transferred, stored, and processed in one or more countries outside of the country you reside in or are currently located in, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you reside or are currently located. When processing personal data outside of the country you reside or are currently located in, we take additional steps in an effort to ensure our international transfer of personal data is consistent with applicable law. If we transfer personal data which originates in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom to a country that has not been found to provide an adequate level of protection under applicable data protection laws, one of the safeguards we may use to support such transfer is the EU Standard Contractual Clauses.If you have additional questions about our international transfers of personal data, please Contact Us.If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financial due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.Back to Top​Despite these efforts, no security measures are perfect, and no method of data transmission or storage is guaranteed to prevent unauthorized disclosure or misuse. As a result, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal data you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or loss of personal data. To learn more about how to safeguard your data see: What Responsibilities Do I Have?Back to Top​We store personal data so that your experience with the Services is personalized based on your past interactions and for other reasons listed above. We retain the personal data we collect for as long as you use our Services, or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. For more information about our data retention practices, please Contact Us.Back to Top​Anyone who uses the services can access, correct, or delete their personal data regardless of where they live or are physically located. In addition, under certain data protection laws, individuals may have rights around their personal data which may include (as applicable):We will process your request in accordance with applicable laws. Note that we will require you to take steps to verify your identity. If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please Contact Us.Back to Top​If you have feedback or questions about any aspect of how we collect, share, or use your personal data, please Contact Us.If your personal data is subject to the applicable data protection laws of the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority, if you believe our processing of your personal data violates applicable law.​Contact us from the Settings section of the app or email support@woebothealth.com from the email address you used to register for the app. After verifying your identity, you will be sent a file containing what you’ve said to Woebot.For more information on how we and our partners use cookies and the options to control them, see the Cookie Policy.Back to Top​You are responsible for helping to protect your personal data by safeguarding your device, email, and password. For best practices, see the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) guides: How To Protect Your Privacy on Apps, Online Security, and How to Keep Your Personal Information Secure. Please reference our Security Overview for more information on how to safeguard your personal data.The services are not directed to children (defined as under the age of 13 or another age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal data without your consent, please Contact Us. If we learn that we have collected a child’s personal data in violation of applicable law, we will delete that personal data (unless we have a legal obligation to keep it) and close the child’s account.The Services may contain links to third party websites or applications not covered by this privacy policy. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal data to third party websites or applications is at your own risk.We may change this privacy policy at any time. If we make any material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law.If you continue using our Services after the new policy takes effect, you are acknowledging acceptance of the updated privacy policy. We encourage you to review the content of this privacy policy regularly.Archived Versions of our Privacy Policy: April 28, 2022July 14, 2021April 23, 2020Back to Top​© 2023 Woebot Health© 2023 Woebot HealthSign up for Meeting of the Minds video & podcastsSign up for Meeting of the Minds video & podcasts© 2023 Woebot Health