✔  HIPAA compliant✔  Concerning language detection✔  IRB review for all clinical studies✔  DHAF safety rating (ORCHA)✔  One Mind PsyberGuide, 5/5 for credibility✔  Mozilla privacy rating✔  SOC 2 Type 2 examined with zero exceptionsSafety isn’t just a priority at Woebot Health, it’s the foundation of our entire business. We can only help people if they trust us. So we take safety, privacy and security very seriously.Our safety focus is on the people who use our solutions, and it’s evident in all we do, from the way we develop and test products to the way we strive to protect user data.Our core beliefs guide our practices, and our Privacy Policy, which has been lauded by Mozilla for its clarity and comprehensiveness, provides further insights into how we operate. But here are some fundamental things you need to know about our solutions, our company, and our approach.Independently rated for safety, privacy and securityOur products and company have been recognized by the most important ratings organizations in the world:About regulationMillions of people around the world are already using a mental health app, even though to date there has been no clear way to determine whether a product is safe to use, and many apps fall outside of existing medical device regulations and federal laws.With newer AI-based technologies spurring even more interest in digital solutions, it’s a growing challenge for health systems and individuals to accurately assess their benefits and weigh concerns about safety, privacy and security.We believe in regulation. That’s why we’re doing the hard work to maintain an effective and compliant QMS. Our regulatory compliance team doesn’t just know the FDA; they actually come from the organization. It’s the rigor needed to develop and deliver AI innovation safely, and ethically.The futureConsistent evidence standards in digital health are only just emerging. We’re excited about new developments, including the DEFINED evidence assessment framework, co-created by our own VP of Translational Science Tim Campellone, PhD, and Advisor Paul Wicks, which assesses the science behind digital interventions.As we explore new technologies like large language models, we’re keeping safety front and center. We’re leaning into innovation in a controlled way so that we can take emerging technology and apply rigorous user research, engineering, clinical and therapeutic oversight to create impactful, safe and well evidenced products. That will help us all develop a future where the freedom to innovate is well balanced by the need to be responsible, and where AI is optimized for a healthier humanity. Learn more about our innovation with LLMs.*Woebot for Adults is a non-prescription medical device under FDA enforcement discretion; it is not evaluated, cleared or approved by FDA. It is not intended to diagnose, monitor, treat or prevent any disease. It may be considered as an adjunct to clinical care, it does not replace clinical care.
**Woebot does not provide crisis counseling and is not a suicide prevention or crisis intervention service. Concerning language and escalation data provided to clinical program or clinical study customers is not reviewed or assessed internally at Woebot Health in real-time for intervention and such data is not used for managing potential crises or any acute or non-acute patient safety issue. Discomfort may be experienced when answering sensitive questions. Temporary upset may occur as a result of discontinued access to any of Woebot Health’s products.
***The ORCHA framework does not indicate whether companies or specific devices or tools have passed the safety or effectiveness thresholds set by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or provide evidence of compliance to any regulations or frameworks outside of ORCHA’s.© 2023 Woebot Health© 2023 Woebot HealthSign up for Meeting of the Minds video & podcastsSign up for Meeting of the Minds video & podcasts© 2023 Woebot Health