At Alma your privacy is important to us. Our Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how we
            collect the information, the reasons we collect information, and how we share or use the information we
            collect. This Privacy Policy also describes the choices you have with the information we collect, including
            how you can manage, update, or request to delete information.Please take a moment to review this Privacy Policy. You may scroll through this Privacy Policy or use the
            headings below. It is important that you understand this Privacy Policy. By using our Platform, you are
            agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy
            Policy, you may Contact Us at any time.We believe when providers have the support they need, mental health care gets better for everyone. At
                    Alma, we’re pioneering a new model for mental health care — one that gives providers the autonomy of
                    a private practice with the support of the Alma platform.Alma contracts with Alma Community Network, P.C. (“Medical Group”), which is an
                    independent medical group with a network of United States based health care providers (each, a
                    “Provider”) to provide online telehealth clinical consultations, services, and/or
                    treatment. Additionally, Alma offers independent Providers (“Independent
                        Providers”) the ability to offer their services on our Platform.
                    The Independent Providers pay a monthly fee to Alma to be able to utilize Alma’s Platform, which
                    enables the Independent Providers to offer their Services through the Platform.It is helpful to start by explaining some of our key terms and definitions used in this Privacy
                    Policy.This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you when:
                
You visit or use our Platform, including our Website;
We communicate in e-mail, text message, and other electronic messages between you and us;
                        and
                    
We communicate in person, such as on the phone or through a telehealth visit.This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by any other website operated
                    either by
                    us or by a third party, unless the website is listed above or links to this Privacy Policy.
                    It also
                    does not apply to any website that we may provide a link to or that is accessible from our
                    Platform.This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our Terms of Use, which also apply when you use
                    our
                    Platform.Personal information is information from and about you that may be able to personally identify
                    you.
                    We treat any information that may identify you as personal information. For example, your name
                    and
                    e-mail address are personal information.We may collect and use the following personal information (hereinafter, collectively referred
                    to as
                    “Personal Information”):Some Personal Information we collect may constitute PHI under HIPAA. As set forth above,
                    your Provider or your Independent Provider will provide you with a Notice of Privacy Practices
                    describing their collection and use of your health information, not Alma. We will only collect and
                    use PHI for the purposes of providing the Services and we only collect the minimum amount necessary
                    to fully perform and provide the Services on our Platform. We may combine your PHI with Personal
                    Information that we have either obtained from you or through a third-party, such as your Provider,
                    health insurer, employee benefits program, or other health care providers. PHI will not be used for
                    any other purpose, including marketing, without your consent.We collect most of this Personal Information directly from you. For example, when we speak to you by
                    phone, text message, and e-mail. Additionally, we will collect information from you when you visit
                    our Website and fill out forms.We may also collect Personal Information in the following ways:
                

                        When You Contact Us. When you contact Alma directly, such as when you contact our Customer
                        Support team, we will receive the contents of your message or any attachments you may send to
                        us, as well as any additional information you choose to provide.We will also collect information automatically as you navigate through our Platform. We use the
                    following technologies to automatically collect data:We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:We may share Personal Information with third parties in certain circumstances or for certain
                    purposes, including:This section of our Privacy Policy provides details and explains how to exercise your choices. We
                    offer you choices on how you can opt out of our use of tracking technology, disclosure of your
                    Personal Information for our advertising to you, and other targeted advertising. We do not control
                    the collection and use of your information collected by third parties. These third parties may
                    aggregate the information they collect with information from their other customers for their own
                    purposes. You can opt out of third parties collecting your Personal Information for targeted
                    advertising purposes in the United States by visiting the National Advertising Initiative's (NAI)
                        opt-out page and the Digital Advertising
                        Alliance's (DAA) opt-out page.Each type of web browser provides ways to restrict and delete cookies. Browser manufacturers provide
                    resources to help you with managing cookies. Please see below for more information.For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.If you do not wish to have your e-mail address used by Alma to promote our own Products and Services,
                    you can opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any e-mail or other
                    marketing communications you receive from us or logging onto your Account Preferences page. This opt
                    out does not apply to information provided to Alma as a result of a product purchase, or your use of
                    our Platform and/or the Services. You may have other options with respect to marketing and
                    communication preferences through our Platform.You may also see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks. Ad
                    networks allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based, and
                    contextual means. These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information
                    through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs, and web beacons. The
                    networks use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual
                    interests.You can review and change your Personal Information by logging into our Services and visiting either
                    the “About You” or “Health Details” sections of our Platform. You may also Contact Us to inform us of any changes or errors in any Personal
                    Information we have about you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible or
                    to delete your account. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your
                    account with us. We may also not be able to accommodate your request if we believe it would violate
                    any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.Alma operates subject to state and federal regulations, and the Platform and/or the Services may not
                    be available in your state. You represent that you are not a person barred from enrolling for or
                    receiving the Services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions in
                    which you may be located. Access to and use of the Platform and/or the Services is limited
                    exclusively to users located in states within the United States where the Platform and/or the
                    Services is available. The Platform and/or the Services are not available to users located outside
                    the United States. Accessing the Platform and/or obtaining the Services from jurisdictions where
                    content is illegal, or where we do not offer the Platform and/or the Services, is prohibited.Alma understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive online world. Our
                    Platform is not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, children 13 years of age or younger. It
                    is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
                    No one under the age of 13 should submit any Personal Information on the Platform, and if we learn
                    that we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13, we will delete that
                    information. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age whom you believe
                    might have provided us with their Personal Information, you may Contact Us
                    to request the Personal Information be deleted.Some web browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature. This feature lets you tell websites you visit that
                    you do not want to have your online activity tracked. These features are not yet uniform across
                    browsers. Our Platform is not currently set up to respond to those signals.We have taken steps and implemented administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to
                    protect against the risk of accidental, intentional, unlawful, or unauthorized access, alteration,
                    destruction, disclosure, or use. The Internet is not 100% secure and we cannot guarantee the
                    security of information transmitted through the Internet. Where you have been given or you have
                    chosen a password, it is your responsibility to keep this password confidential.The sharing and disclosing of information via the internet is not completely secure. We strive to use
                    best practices and industry standard security measures and tools to protect your data. However, we
                    cannot guarantee the security of Personal Information transmitted to, on, or through our Services.
                    Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the
                    circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Platform, in your
                    operating system, or mobile device.If you are a California resident, certain Personal Information that we collect about you is subject
                    to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).Please note that the CCPA does not apply to, among other things:Currently and in the last 12 months, we have collected and/or disclosed Personal Information about
                    you when you visit our Platform and/or obtain the Services, including information about you that you
                    provide to us, and information we automatically collect from you or your computer or devices as you
                    use our Platform and/or the Services. Please refer to the section titled Personal Information for additional information and details.We collect Personal Information directly from you, for example when you provide it to us, when you
                    contact us through our Platform, when you create an Alma account; and indirectly from you
                    automatically through your computer or device as you use our Platform and/or the Services. We may
                    also collect Personal Information about you from our advertising partners and service providers.We do not sell your Personal Information and have not done so in the prior 12 months from the
                    effective date of this Policy. We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for our
                    business purposes described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy (for example, please refer to “How do
                        we use your Personal Information?” and “How do we share your Personal
                        Information?”).Alma may disclose your Personal Information to a third party for one or more business purposes. When
                    we disclose Personal Information for a business purpose, such as to service providers, we enter a
                    contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that Personal
                    Information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.We may disclose your Personal Information for our business purposes, such as your contact
                    information, other information you have provided to us, and unique identifiers that identify you to
                    us or to our service providers, such as companies that assist us with marketing and advertising.
                    Please refer to “What types of Personal
                        Information do we collect?” and “How
                        do we collect your Personal Information?” for additional information and details.We disclose your Personal Information to certain third parties such as our health care provider
                    partners, service providers, including companies that assist us with marketing and advertising. For
                    additional information please refer to “How do
                        we use your Personal Information?” and “How do we share your Personal
                        Information?”.California residents have the right to request that Alma disclose certain information to you about
                    our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months for the above business
                    and commercial purposes. To submit an access request, see Contact Us. Once
                    we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:California residents have the right to request that Alma delete your Personal Information that we
                    collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your
                    verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your
                    Personal Information from our records, unless certain exceptions apply.To exercise the access and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer
                    request to us by sending us an e-mail at privacy@helloalma.com.Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on
                    your
                    behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also
                    make a
                    verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer
                    request for access twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. We will not:California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (California’s “Shine the Light” law) permits users of our
                    Platform and/or the Services that are California residents and who provide Personal Information in
                    obtaining products and services for personal, family, or household use to request certain
                    information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their own direct
                    marketing purposes. If applicable, this information would include the categories of Personal
                    Information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared your Personal
                    Information with for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2021 will receive
                    information regarding such activities in 2020). You may request this information once per calendar
                    year. To make such a request, please Contact Us using the information
                    below.We may update our Privacy Policy periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices, laws, and
                    best practices. We will post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page with a notice
                    that the Privacy Policy has been updated on our Website’s homepage. If we make material changes to
                    our practices with regards to the Personal Information we collect from you, we will notify you by
                    e-mail to the e-mail address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Platform. The
                    date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible
                    for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for
                    periodically accessing the Platform and reviewing this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.If you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy or
                    otherwise need to contact us, you may contact us at the contact information below or through the
                    “Contact Us” page on the Platform.Arlozorov9, Inc. d/b/a AlmaE-mail: support@helloalma.comQuestions?Follow UsFollow UsGet StartedFor ProvidersInformationIf you or someone you know is experiencing an emergency or crisis and needs immediate help, call 911 or go to the nearest emergency room. Additional crisis resources can be found
here.Privacy Policy • Copyright Alma, 2023