Harry Ritter, founder and CEO, Alma.Days before the world went into pandemic lockdown, Harry Ritter was standing with a group of therapists inside the coworking space his company Alma had recently renovated. The sleek, airy office in midtown Manhattan was part of a membership offering where therapists in private practice could see patients without having to lease their own space. Members had access to scheduling, billing and client-matching software — automating all of the usual administrative headaches — for a monthly fee. Of Alma’s 200 member therapists in March 2020, only 5% were seeing patients virtually. The coworking revenue dried up almost immediately as revenues cratered 65%. “We lost all that money, essentially overnight,” says Alma founder and CEO Ritter, 36. “We needed to invest quickly and very, very significantly in supporting virtual care.”Over the past year, Alma has done a complete about-face: the company shuttered its two New York therapist office spaces, spun up virtual technology and doubled down on the health insurance part of its business, bringing investors along for the ride. “I felt very strongly that mental health was more important than ever before,” says Ritter. Alma has come a long way since that terrible first half of 2020: Revenue is 13 times what it was in April of last year and more than 2,000 therapists have signed up as membership continues to grow 30 to 40% each quarter. On Tuesday, the company announced it raised a $50 million Series C round led by Insight Partners, who also led the company’s $28 million Series B round in February. Optum Ventures, Tusk Venture Partners, Primary Venture Partners, Sound Ventures, BoxGroup and Rainfall Ventures also participated in the round. The deal brings Alma’s valuation to around $500 million, according to a person familiar with the deal. The company has raised $90.5 million to date.The Covid-19 pandemic has fueled an explosion of venture capital into behavioral healthcare startups, totaling $1.5 billion in the first half of the year, as the number of Americans experiencing anxiety and depression has skyrocketed. Last week, Ginger, which offers online access to behavioral health coaches and therapists, merged with meditation app Headspace in a $3 billion deal, Fast Company reported. Lyra Health, which offers mental health benefits for employers, was valued at $4.6 billion in June. All of these companies take different approaches to a common problem: health insurance directories for mental health providers are terrible and outdated.We really like this idea of being a business that's not just about reason and logic, but also about soul and heart.Growing up in a family of doctors, Ritter assumed that’s what lay ahead for him, too. However, in college and medical school he dabbled in some entrepreneurial ventures. The first one he describes as a “Facebook meets Tumblr” blogging platform for college students. He later learned how to code and attempted to build a social network for medical students. “I learned that you actually have to build good products,” he recalls. “It's not good enough for a doctor to try to play coder.” During his internal medicine residency at Massachusetts General Hospital, Ritter decided he wanted to try to change healthcare a different way so he moved to the corporate world and joined McKinsey as a consultant. Shortly after that, he joined New York-based Oscar Health when the now public health insurer was still pre-revenue, and went to law school at night.At Oscar, Ritter helped open an in-person primary care and behavioral health clinic known as the Oscar Center. Within two days of opening, the only therapist on staff had a month-long waitlist, and the center had to hire an intern whose sole job was to go through the provider directory and try to find in-network therapists they could refer out to, Ritter recalls. It was that experience, coupled with his own personal experience understanding the value of therapy, that he decided to help figure out the access problem of how to connect a bunch of fragmented independent therapists. So in 2017 he left to pursue a new goal: give therapists what they need to run a practice.That’s where Alma comes in. Its software, which is user-friendly for patients and therapists alike, is one big draw. But it’s biggest selling point to therapists is its relationship with the health insurance industry. Many therapists don’t take insurance because insurers’ rates are too low and don’t cover all of their administrative overhead. Alma’s software helps cut down on administrative costs, while the company also contracts with insurance companies on behalf of their members as a bloc. It’s a win for insurers because they’re getting vetted and quality providers, and a win for the therapists because Alma is negotiating rates on behalf of the group. Plus, providers get paid in two weeks instead of having to sometimes wait months for claims processing. Between the reduced overhead cost and better rates, providers can afford to take insurance coverage — which means more patients can come to see them.“Everybody's trying to be patient-friendly,” says Hilary Gosher, a managing director at Insight Partners who sits on Alma’s board. But she says a differentiator is that Alma is also focused on helping therapists run a small business while helping insurers direct their members to quality providers. Everyone wants “a therapist who's focused on their well-being not focused on ‘how do I run my small business,’” says Gosher. “The fact that Alma just takes care of everything in the background is huge.”Another key piece, Gosher says, is Alma’s patient matching services. By using data from patients, its algorithms help to match patients to therapists, enabling them to get the best help they need. That’s a big deal because a person usually has to try out three therapists before finding the right match, she adds. Alma’s technology is helping get that number down, and the company says its average retention rate is 90%, even if the patient has to try out more than one therapist.Humaira Naushad, Alma therapist.What started in the tri-state area has now grown to include therapists who are licensed to provide virtual care in 25 states and in-person care across eight states: New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Florida, Arizona, Texas and Nevada. (Providers can be licensed in more than one state.) Alma will focus on building out the mid-Atlantic region and the rest of the East Coast this fall with further expansion planned for 2022. Though they’re staying away from office spaces for now. “We have no plans to go back to reopen physical spaces, at least until there's more visibility into what the future of Covid looks like. And frankly, what the future of this industry looks like, given what's been a pretty significant behavioral shift,” says Ritter.One of those therapists using Alma is Humaira Naushad. Before Alma, she never thought she would be able to stand up her own practice this early in her career. Having graduated from Touro College in 2018, she was working at a substance abuse clinic as a mental health counselor. She wanted to open her own private practice but figured that wouldn’t be for at least five more years. “I think telehealth really motivated me to know that I can do this,” she says. It gave her the confidence that she could work from home and not worry about renting office space. She says it also helped that Alma dealt with insurers and removed a lot of the administrative burden. Now Naushad does around 15 to 20 sessions with clients per week. “Telemedicine is something that I will always do,” she says. “But in the future, hopefully when Covid ends, I would definitely want to go in-person, maybe two or three days.”While Alma still has a lease on a coworking space in Brooklyn, it doesn’t plan on reopening it anytime soon. Ritter is confident that virtual care is here to stay no matter what the future looks like. “Being able to see a therapist relatively quickly makes a big difference,” he says. “The diversity of the network and the diversity of the options available to [patients] makes a big difference.” While around 84% of mental health providers are white, according to the American Psychological Association, 30% of Alma’s providers identify as Black or Hispanic and 10% identify as Asian. With the new infusion of funding, the company aims to focus on building out technology to support even better care.That better care goes to the heart of why Ritter founded Alma in the first place. The word itself has two meanings, he says, including “soulfulness” in Latin. “We really like this idea of being a business that's not just about reason and logic, but also about soul and heart,” he says. In Aramaic, a language of ancient Mesopotamia, alma means “world.” The idea behind Alma, Ritter says, is how to “bring soulfulness back into the world through helping people with their mental health.”